XANA Private Sale Whitelist and the Alpha Pass NFTs are Now Available
This month a lot of big things are going to be happening at XANA. Starting this month off XANA has created a program to select candidates to whitelist for XANA’s token ($XETA) private sale. Additionally, XANA will also be launching the metaverse’s Alpha version, and releasing exclusive Alpha access pass NFTs alongside the launch. 
The Alpha access pass NFTs will have a lot of beneficial features to offer to anyone who ports it over to the XANA metaverse. The best part about this program is that the candidate selection for the Alpha access pass, and presale whitelist selection will be done at the same time using a very similar set of rules. 
The program for selecting candidates for private sale whitelisting, and Alpha access pass will be ongoing until XANA has its token generation event (TGE). Also, make sure to stay tuned, because more details on the Alpha launch itself will be released shortly as well. 
Presale Whitelist is Open
The XANA metaverse’s native token will be having a private sale for XANA’s community members. Community members will be selected based on how engaged they are, and entered into a whitelist for XANA’s presale.
Community members who are selected to be whitelisted for XANA’s presale will be given an allocation of $100. Every month XANA will select top 100 community members to be whitelisted for the token presale. 
This will be the first private sale selection round, and more will happen on a monthly basis until the TGE occurs. 
What is Alpha Pass
The XANA metaverse’s Alpha Pass will provide users with the opportunity to be the forerunners in experiencing avatar customization, social interaction, exploration, and trying out many activities/games in the XANA metaverse. For the first round 300 Alpha Pass NFTs will be minted, and distributed. These Alpha passes will provide their holders with exclusive access to try many unique functions – these functions will be in addition to any regular function that other people get because Alpha pass NFT holders get to try them first.
Each pass will come with a serial number so that the people possessing them can prove that they have the right to early access to all the features. The Alpha pass users can enjoy access to SNS functions and customize their avatar however they want. The alpha pass will be free, and the top 300 community members will be given Alpha pass NFTs. 
Keep in mind if you want to access all the special perks, and privileges the Alpha pass provides on the XANA metaverse you will need to have the Alpha pass NFT in your wallet. Also, this will be the first round of Alpha Pass NFT distribution, and there will be more on a monthly basis until the TGE happens. 
How is it Different for Free Users
Specific NFTs that will be released by XANA & XANALIA will have mostly the same function as Alpha pass.
Not only listed below, but there will also be continuous upgrades and additional new features. And Alpha pass users will be the first to access them while it will eventually be unlocked to all users.  
How Does it Work
The rules to be selected for XANA’s presale whitelist, and Alpha access pass NFT distribution event are very simple. Community members who are regularly, and actively engaging on or with XANA’s official channels will be selected. These official channels include: XANA’s official Telegram, Discord, and Twitter. As for Twitter, it’s recommended that people also make tweets associated with XANA on their own profiles.  
People who spam in these community channels, or constantly discuss unrelated subjects will be penalized, or disqualified. The ideal candidate for both the presale, and Alpha pass NFT selection will actively engage with all of XANA’s official channels. 
At the end of every month each round of selection will come to an end, and the 100 most engaged community members will be selected for the whitelist. Additionally Alpha pass NFTs will be distributed to 300 of the most engaged community members. In case you didn’t make it on the first round, you still have a chance to win in one of the future rounds, so stay tuned, and get engaged.
..............................................///////////////////////////////////
We’re pleased to announce that we’ve completed a $5.5m round of funding from some of the strongest partners across blockchain and gaming to accelerate our vision of bringing an Open Metaverse to life.
This strategic round brings our total funding to $13.5m. We are extremely excited to have received support from Dominance Ventures, Non-Fungible Fund, Wave Financial, Neon, DAOMaker, Altered Ventures and others. With this support we aim to build a blockchain enabled, virtual reality metaverse with embedded play-to-earn mechanics and a user experience designed to onboard the next billion users.
“We at Victoria VR are at the forefront of this next digital frontier, a new technological revolution that will impact almost every part of our lives.” said Ondrej Dobrusky, Co-Founder and CEO at Victoria VR. “Our launch is perfectly timed as virtual reality, blockchain, and P2E mechanics are tipping over the long awaited precipice into the mainstream with mass adoption and rapid growth. We are grateful for all the support and shared belief from our investors, partners and key stakeholders, and look forward to what we are going to be able to achieve together.”
This new round of funding will allow us to increase our capabilities to develop further, expand our team, supercharge development capabilities and establish Victoria VR as one of the premier metaverses in the space.
The Metaverse and Victoria VR
The global metaverse market is expected to grow from $47.69b in 2020 to $829.95b in 2028, at a CAGR of 43.3%.
Unifying communities, creators and commerce, the Victoria VR metaverse is a universal platform and gateway to all virtual realities, games and applications.
Victoria VR aims to create a new online environment of multi-dimensional interactions where rather than simply consuming information, users will be able to immerse themselves interactively with digital content. The Victoria VR metaverse will be where people go to work, rest, learn and play.
The Victoria VR Token
The VR Token is at the heart of the Victoria VR economy. This ERC-20 token will be used by users to buy and sell digital in-game NFT assets such as VR Lands, Resources, Goods & Services, Clothing, Tickets, Experiences and Art.
Laying the foundations for Victoria VR to become a fully autonomous world that will grow and evolve without any dependence on its original creators, the VR Token will also serve as a governance token. This means that Token Holders will be fundamental in making the decisions that shape the future rules and protocols of Victoria VR through its DAO.
What’s Next?
Victoria VR will be hitting some key milestones in the last quarter of 2021, where the TGE will happen and shortly after we will start selling the first VR Lands within Victoria VR
Concluding Remarks
We would like to thank our community for the incredible support that we have received from the start of our project.
Adroverse Metaverse Project
In the fall of 2021, the whole world is excited to build metaverses. So do we! We are also building a metaverse called Adroverse — The Metaverse Of Heroes…
Adroverse Metaverse
Adroverse is a project to build a decentralized metaverse on top of multi-chains networks like BSC, Solana, IPFS, Chainlink… Starting from scratch, Adroverse will be continuously upgraded and evolved, applying the most modern technological and economic governance frameworks, ensuring a sustainable foundation for the following decentralized games and applications.
Unlike other metaverse projects, Adroverse doesn’t just build a few video games with blockchain and NFT technology, and then call it the metaverse. Adroverse focuses on building a decentralized crowd economy model with a core MetaFi platform that provides the lifeblood of the entire metaverse economy. In addition, Adroverse designs a world’s first functional interactive NFT system that brings NFT tokens to life, greatly enhancing their efficiency and usability.
On such a comprehensive and versatile platform, Adroverse and its partners will develop and publish a series of unique video games with the most trending features like play-to-earn and many more gamefi features.
Starting to reach users with video games, Adroverse will use a variety of tactics to turn players into true citizens of the metaverse. From there, Adroverse will gradually develop a diversified decentralized crowd economy, providing a variety of digital products and services in various fields.
Storyline
The Adroverse’s first video games were based on a fictional story about a galaxy called the Adroverse. Universe in the 3000s, Adroverse galaxy collapse! All the planets with life in the galaxy have experienced catastrophic destruction. There are only a handful of survivors left on the space rescue stations scattered throughout the universe. The people who survived the disaster did not submit to their fate! They continue to fight for the survival of themselves and for their fellow human beings. They went on to conquer the universe again, almost from nothing. Step by step, they fight, collect and exploit space resources, rebuild space cities, and create beautiful planets for themselves and their fellows. Once again, they rebuilt a prosperous and beautiful Adroverse galaxy. And that’s how the legends of the heroes of the Adroverse began…
Adroverse — Metaverse of Heroes is a series of games and applications that simulates the evolution of the Adroverse galaxy. In the space of the Adroverse metaverse, players take the role of 31st century doomsday survivors, having to fight for the survival of themselves and their fellows, and at the same time, conduct financial and economical operations to build their own space cities, in order to conquer the universe again.
Adroverse will be the most comprehensive metaverse of blockchain based next-generation games and social networks. Players will be able to participate in a variety of activities, from military tactics to economic construction and development, and political leadership management activities.
Throughout the metaverse’s many evolutionary eras, players will be led through a variety of compelling scenarios with stage-specific focuses. Unlike other metaverse simulation games, the evolutionary eras of the Adroverse metaverse are tied to the evolution of the game in real life.
General Roadmap
The three evolutionary eras of the Adroverse metaverse are tied to the real-life developments of the Adroverse ecosystem. Each era will be simulated on a main game, and there will be more expansions and mini-games built around that main game.
Adroverse Roadmap
The Era of Revival
The period immediately after the Adroverse galaxy collapse. New players will start from a rescue space station wandering in the universe. The main player’s task will be to summon Adroverse space warriors who are wandering in the endless universe, to assemble a team of warriors, fight with other forces, win cosmic resources to prepare for the next era. At the same time, players have to conduct economical activities; research and develop technology; produce goods and essential items… both for business and to prepare for the future.
The Era of Renewal
A period when space resources and technology have developed strongly enough, so that players can begin to have the conditions to build beautiful space cities, promote production, expand trade, and still continue to train warriors, accumulate resources from battles. In this era, players will have to use the accumulated capital resources to invest in the development of space real estate to develop their own city.
Space rescue stations have their limits, even if upgraded during the chaos of the era of revival. For example, the number of warriors in a space station is always limited to a maximum, depending on the development level of that space station.
With space cities, players will be greatly expanded in all aspects: Population, warriors, space infrastructure, real estate, commodity production capacity, resource extraction capacity space, etc. Construction and city management activities will of course also be much more complex, and so will commercial and trade activities. Types of goods and items will also become extremely diverse, meeting many of the needs of giant space cities.
The Era of Development & Conquest
In this era, humanity gathers together, search and re-grow the beautiful planets of the Adroverse galaxy. In this period, in addition to the usual economic and military activities, the player will have to actively participate in a political activities and manage their planets.
Each planet in the Adroverse galaxy will form a player alliance. Joining an alliance, players will have more benefits from the alliance, at the same time they will have to participate in political activities, vote to elect the planetary leadership council and will also vote on development strategies and general development of their planets.
In this era, allied planets in the Adroverse metaverse will be more economically independent. For example, planets can organize their own auction floors, or their own warrior arenas, and be completely proactive in revenue and expenditure, taxes, and allocating public benefits to the alliance’s own development funds…
Battle between planets will also be taken to the next level and will be multiplayer battles between alliances against other alliances.
In this era, players will actively elect the Adroverse Galactic Board of Directors to decide investment and metaverse development strategies in the future. From this point on, the ownership of Adroverse will be completely transferred to the player community, becoming a democratic & decentralized metaverse.
With the community board of directors decisions, the Adroverse treasury and community funds will be allocated to invest in the expansions of the games, as well as the continued investment and growth of the Adroverse community of players and fans.
Really Short Conclusion For This Long Article
So, what are you waiting for? Join us in taking the first steps to build a great metaverse called Adroverse — The Metaverse Of Heroes.
Hey everyone. Aryan Behzadi here, CEO of ARize. I wanted to take a moment to share some exciting updates about the trajectory of our business and upcoming plans.
ARize Today
As many of you know, ARize technology enables brands to deliver 3D Assets and Augmented Reality on any website. We currently power thousands of immersive assets from brands like Duux, Elho, and Blendmount. Our proprietary approach to edge computing and server-side rendering allows us to deliver immersive assets fast, boosting consumer engagement and sales rates. And our revenue model of SaaS and transaction fees has led to steady, profitable growth for the ARize business.
erse assets, artwork, and content. AI can improve the software and processes we use to build all of these things. In a few more years, AI will improve AI and lead to an explosion of intelligence and technology.
Eventually, AI may be able to generate complete virtual worlds in realtime as we explore. The lines may continue to blur between Graphic rendering technology and AI technology. AI could one day take some input, like “a lush jungle environment with a stream flowing from a waterfall” and turn it into a fully immersive 3D environment we can explore and interact with.
