We’re pleased to announce that we’ve completed a $5.5m round of funding from some of the strongest partners across blockchain and gaming to accelerate our vision of bringing an Open Metaverse to life.

This strategic round brings our total funding to $13.5m. We are extremely excited to have received support from Dominance Ventures, Non-Fungible Fund, Wave Financial, Neon, DAOMaker, Altered Ventures and others. With this support we aim to build a blockchain enabled, virtual reality metaverse with embedded play-to-earn mechanics and a user experience designed to onboard the next billion users.

“We at Victoria VR are at the forefront of this next digital frontier, a new technological revolution that will impact almost every part of our lives.” said Ondrej Dobrusky, Co-Founder and CEO at Victoria VR. “Our launch is perfectly timed as virtual reality, blockchain, and P2E mechanics are tipping over the long awaited precipice into the mainstream with mass adoption and rapid growth. We are grateful for all the support and shared belief from our investors, partners and key stakeholders, and look forward to what we are going to be able to achieve together.”

This new round of funding will allow us to increase our capabilities to develop further, expand our team, supercharge development capabilities and establish Victoria VR as one of the premier metaverses in the space.

The Metaverse and Victoria VR

The global metaverse market is expected to grow from $47.69b in 2020 to $829.95b in 2028, at a CAGR of 43.3%.

Unifying communities, creators and commerce, the Victoria VR metaverse is a universal platform and gateway to all virtual realities, games and applications.

Victoria VR aims to create a new online environment of multi-dimensional interactions where rather than simply consuming information, users will be able to immerse themselves interactively with digital content. The Victoria VR metaverse will be where people go to work, rest, learn and play.

The Victoria VR Token

The VR Token is at the heart of the Victoria VR economy. This ERC-20 token will be used by users to buy and sell digital in-game NFT assets such as VR Lands, Resources, Goods & Services, Clothing, Tickets, Experiences and Art.

Laying the foundations for Victoria VR to become a fully autonomous world that will grow and evolve without any dependence on its original creators, the VR Token will also serve as a governance token. This means that Token Holders will be fundamental in making the decisions that shape the future rules and protocols of Victoria VR through its DAO.

What’s Next?

Victoria VR will be hitting some key milestones in the last quarter of 2021, where the TGE will happen and shortly after we will start selling the first VR Lands within Victoria VR.

Concluding Remarks

We would like to thank our community for the incredible support that we have received from the start of our project.
Adroverse Metaverse Project

In the fall of 2021, the whole world is excited to build metaverses. So do we! We are also building a metaverse called Adroverse — The Metaverse Of Heroes…

Adroverse Metaverse

Adroverse is a project to build a decentralized metaverse on top of multi-chains networks like BSC, Solana, IPFS, Chainlink… Starting from scratch, Adroverse will be continuously upgraded and evolved, applying the most modern technological and economic governance frameworks, ensuring a sustainable foundation for the following decentralized games and applications.

Unlike other metaverse projects, Adroverse doesn’t just build a few video games with blockchain and NFT technology, and then call it the metaverse. Adroverse focuses on building a decentralized crowd economy model with a core MetaFi platform that provides the lifeblood of the entire metaverse economy. In addition, Adroverse designs a world’s first functional interactive NFT system that brings NFT tokens to life, greatly enhancing their efficiency and usability.

On such a comprehensive and versatile platform, Adroverse and its partners will develop and publish a series of unique video games with the most trending features like play-to-earn and many more gamefi features.

Starting to reach users with video games, Adroverse will use a variety of tactics to turn players into true citizens of the metaverse. From there, Adroverse will gradually develop a diversified decentralized crowd economy, providing a variety of digital products and services in various fields.

Storyline

The Adroverse’s first video games were based on a fictional story about a galaxy called the Adroverse. Universe in the 3000s, Adroverse galaxy collapse! All the planets with life in the galaxy have experienced catastrophic destruction. There are only a handful of survivors left on the space rescue stations scattered throughout the universe. The people who survived the disaster did not submit to their fate! They continue to fight for the survival of themselves and for their fellow human beings. They went on to conquer the universe again, almost from nothing. Step by step, they fight, collect and exploit space resources, rebuild space cities, and create beautiful planets for themselves and their fellows. Once again, they rebuilt a prosperous and beautiful Adroverse galaxy. And that’s how the legends of the heroes of the Adroverse began…

Adroverse — Metaverse of Heroes is a series of games and applications that simulates the evolution of the Adroverse galaxy. In the space of the Adroverse metaverse, players take the role of 31st century doomsday survivors, having to fight for the survival of themselves and their fellows, and at the same time, conduct financial and economical operations to build their own space cities, in order to conquer the universe again.

Adroverse will be the most comprehensive metaverse of blockchain based next-generation games and social networks. Players will be able to participate in a variety of activities, from military tactics to economic construction and development, and political leadership management activities.

Throughout the metaverse’s many evolutionary eras, players will be led through a variety of compelling scenarios with stage-specific focuses. Unlike other metaverse simulation games, the evolutionary eras of the Adroverse metaverse are tied to the evolution of the game in real life.

General Roadmap

The three evolutionary eras of the Adroverse metaverse are tied to the real-life developments of the Adroverse ecosystem. Each era will be simulated on a main game, and there will be more expansions and mini-games built around that main game.

Adroverse Roadmap

The Era of Revival

The period immediately after the Adroverse galaxy collapse. New players will start from a rescue space station wandering in the universe. The main player’s task will be to summon Adroverse space warriors who are wandering in the endless universe, to assemble a team of warriors, fight with other forces, win cosmic resources to prepare for the next era. At the same time, players have to conduct economical activities; research and develop technology; produce goods and essential items… both for business and to prepare for the future.

The Era of Renewal

A period when space resources and technology have developed strongly enough, so that players can begin to have the conditions to build beautiful space cities, promote production, expand trade, and still continue to train warriors, accumulate resources from battles. In this era, players will have to use the accumulated capital resources to invest in the development of space real estate to develop their own city.

Space rescue stations have their limits, even if upgraded during the chaos of the era of revival. For example, the number of warriors in a space station is always limited to a maximum, depending on the development level of that space station.

With space cities, players will be greatly expanded in all aspects: Population, warriors, space infrastructure, real estate, commodity production capacity, resource extraction capacity space, etc. Construction and city management activities will of course also be much more complex, and so will commercial and trade activities. Types of goods and items will also become extremely diverse, meeting many of the needs of giant space cities.

The Era of Development & Conquest

In this era, humanity gathers together, search and re-grow the beautiful planets of the Adroverse galaxy. In this period, in addition to the usual economic and military activities, the player will have to actively participate in a political activities and manage their planets.

Each planet in the Adroverse galaxy will form a player alliance. Joining an alliance, players will have more benefits from the alliance, at the same time they will have to participate in political activities, vote to elect the planetary leadership council and will also vote on development strategies and general development of their planets.

In this era, allied planets in the Adroverse metaverse will be more economically independent. For example, planets can organize their own auction floors, or their own warrior arenas, and be completely proactive in revenue and expenditure, taxes, and allocating public benefits to the alliance’s own development funds…

Battle between planets will also be taken to the next level and will be multiplayer battles between alliances against other alliances.

In this era, players will actively elect the Adroverse Galactic Board of Directors to decide investment and metaverse development strategies in the future. From this point on, the ownership of Adroverse will be completely transferred to the player community, becoming a democratic & decentralized metaverse.

With the community board of directors decisions, the Adroverse treasury and community funds will be allocated to invest in the expansions of the games, as well as the continued investment and growth of the Adroverse community of players and fans.

Really Short Conclusion For This Long Article

So, what are you waiting for? Join us in taking the first steps to build a great metaverse called Adroverse — The Metaverse Of Heroes.
Hey everyone. Aryan Behzadi here, CEO of ARize. I wanted to take a moment to share some exciting updates about the trajectory of our business and upcoming plans.

ARize Today

As many of you know, ARize technology enables brands to deliver 3D Assets and Augmented Reality on any website. We currently power thousands of immersive assets from brands like Duux, Elho, and Blendmount. Our proprietary approach to edge computing and server-side rendering allows us to deliver immersive assets fast, boosting consumer engagement and sales rates. And our revenue model of SaaS and transaction fees has led to steady, profitable growth for the ARize business.

Our vision for the future

ARize vision of the future

In recent years, I’ve personally been inspired by the idea of the metaverse or as I would describe it: a series of wide-ranging, interconnected immersive media experiences. Immersive media experiences that will require a massive quantity of 3D and AR assets to populate. I’ve also been tracking developments across the blockchain industry and firmly believe that the NFT (non-fungible token) use case will change the world. ​​NFTs are a paradigm shift for digital content as they allow these assets to have verifiable scarcity and ownership that cannot be manipulated.

Trending AR VR Articles:

To recap:

A metaverse in need of high-quality, 3D and AR building blocks delivered fast Blockchain-powered NFTs to guarantee provenance and interoperability of 3D and AR content

This brings me to an exciting announcement about the future of ARize. To expand the horizons of our business, we are actively developing an NFT-powered marketplace for metaverse-ready virtual goods.

What happens next?

To build our future faster, we’ve partnered with Decubate — a blockchain incubator and crowdfunding platform to help businesses create and access new value.

In the coming weeks, we’ll take our first step into the blockchain ecosystem by launching a utility token on the Decubate platform. The token, ARZ, will power both our near and long-term expansion plans into the metaverse market.

If you’re interested in participating in the future of ARize and want to learn more about ARZ, visit: https://platform.decubate.com/


It has been exactly 6 months since we started to work on our project. At this moment we are working on several high-profile collaborations which will sharply increase the audience’s attention to our project. Announcements will be coming soon. On the community side we gathered almost a 5000 subscribers on our social media and mailing list. Our community growing every day at an accelerating rate!

Those who will join us on seed round will have the opportunity to buy $ARTY at the lowest price ever! Therefore we recommend to attend the seed round event exactly at 6 PM CET. We can not guarantee that there will be enough $ARTY for everyone.

Let’s talk about the seed round. To keep it simple:

Seed round starts 17.01.2021 at 6 PM CET on www.artyfact.art The $ARTY price will be 0.25 $ with 90 days lockup (which means that you’re going to receive your $ARTY token after 90 days). The minimum investment on Seed round is 2500$, the maximum investment is 1000000$. At the seed round time you’ll be able to log-in in special launchpad section. In this section you’ll be able to choose cryptocurrency you will pay for $ARTY, buy $ARTY tokens, and provide your BEP-20 wallet address (for example MetaMask or Trust Wallet) to which we will then transfer your $ARTY tokens. In case of oversale, we will return you the exact amount that you sent us. That’s it.

Investors

We are also excited that additional strategic backers and partners have joined us in the private round, including Genblock Capital, Alameda Research, Solanium Ventures, SkyVision Capital, Jump Capital, KuCoin Labs, Solar Eco Fund, CMS Holdings, Maven Capital, Rhea Fund, a41 Ventures, ZBS Capital, Peech Capital, Icetea Labs, SkyNet Trading, Double Peak Group, Rarestone Capital, DAO Maker, Cropperbros Research, Mintable, DWeb3 Capital, and many more.

We would like to thank our investors, advisors, and partners for their continued support as we strive to create an extraordinary, immersive metaverse experience for the users. Our vision is to offer a deeply immersive metaverse in which users can play, build, own, socialize, and monetize their virtual experiences across multiple platforms. We are creating an environment where fun narratives can be shaped by regular people who want to enjoy themselves in a virtual world and live a second life.

Here’s what some of our lead investors had to say about Solice:

“Three Arrows is delighted to support Solice, disrupting the Solana ecosystem with a truly immersive VR Metaverse. Blockchain secures the immutability of our connection and access; VR brought us a new immersion that engages our senses. The Metaverse offers a combination of both in what we might call a complete liberation of the human experience,” said Kyle Davies and Zhu Su, Founders of Three Arrows Capital.

“We are excited to lead this fund-raising round for Solice as the leading metaverse VR platform. The metaverse space is poised to grow exponentially going forward and Christian and team are amongst the most experienced veterans of Virtual Reality we’ve met, we believe they will be able to create a phenomenal and immersive VR user experience in the Solice metaverse,” said Arthur Cheong, Founding Partner, DeFiance Capital.
It apparently depends who you ask…

If you ask Facebook, it’s “VR, AR, and Smart Glasses”… and of course a giant corporation like Facebook. If you ask someone in crypto the response could range anywhere from “gaming with NFTs” to “CRYPTO IS THE METAVERSE!”.

Of course the real answer is, the Metaverse is kind kind of a mix of both…

The term “metaverse” was originally coined by Neal Stephenson in his 1992 cyberpunk novel, Snow Crash. In the book, the Metaverse was described as a shared “imaginary place”, that is “made available to the public over the worldwide fiber-optics network” and accessed via virtual reality goggles. In it, developers can “build buildings, parks, signs, as well as things that do not exist in Reality, such as vast hovering overhead light shows, special neighborhoods where the rules of three-dimensional spacetime are ignored, and free-combat zones where people can go to hunt and kill each other.”

In the 30 years since Snow Crash came out, we’ve seen small elements of that description briefly appear (and disappear) but now it feels like everything is converging on one unified vision, and all the elements required are falling into place.

VR is reaching a point of maturity where the goggles are seemingly melting away to compact models capable of retina resolution, which is in turn taking it out of a hobbyist niche and into a dedicated and rapidly growing user base… And on the other side of the coin, crypto is becoming scalable enough, fast enough, and trustworthy enough to enable the kind of persistent-states that running such a public virtual world demands.

With this definition, the argument could be made that as the Metaverse is actually both those things. XR (extended reality VR/AR) combined with decentralized public trust (crypto). Expectations of one naturally leads to expectations for the other.

The Metaverse is the convergence of VR, crypto, and open standards.

“Mark Zuckerberg has decided that now is the time to build the Metaverse, so enormous wheels are turning and resources are flowing and the effort is definitely going to be made.” — Meta CTO John Carmack

Get ready for a bumpy ride.

Open standards are great… when everyone agrees. And hopefully the enthusiasm Facebook has expressed towards contributing to the Metaverse will lead to some truly open standards for cross-application compatibility (taking the same avatar into every single world you visit), but we aren’t going to sit around and hope. UA Fabrica is putting forward a proposal for open standards, or at least what they should look like, and we are doing it from day one starting with our flagship game Plutonians.

The NFT avatars for example will be built to be compatible with VR Chat from day one. Also for example, our ships will contain metadata regarding their speed, mass, and maneuverability provided in meters per second that will be easy to read into any other game world, be it future game worlds from UA Fabrica, partners, or (hopefully) world-builders we don’t even know.

There are of course problems with any open standard like this. Players trying to enjoy immersion of a story or unique gameplay may chose to opt for a “pure mode” in which restrictions are placed on what you can and can’t bring into a game world instance. Seeing someone rip through the rings of Saturn in a Deloran might not really be cannon for the story mission you are currently trying to enjoy, therefore we also propose a standard for opt-in “multiverses”, which is simply a list that limits things like physics, models, and objects to a specific set for a certain game world instance.

Plutonians for example may have a main storyline which is one instance of the multiverse where you can enjoy the story without expecting to see Kaneda’s bike suddenly overtake you as you approach reentry on Phobos… But then once you’re done with the main storyline, switch back into the Metaverse instance to see what everyone else is up to and what they thought of the mission…
Driving Traffic across the Solice Metaverse through xKiosks

A new family member joining the Solice metaverse today! Introducing xHashtag as one of our partners to bring xKiosks to the Solana ecosystem.

In the near future, landowners and land builders in the Solice metaverse will be able to purchase and place xKiosks on their land, allowing them to earn royalties from tasks completed by other users, earn by allowing ads to be played on these kiosks, or even have their tasks displayed on other xKiosks.

Utilizing the power of the xKiosks network spread across multiple lands on the Solice metaverse, projects can accelerate their on-chain and off-chain marketing efforts with ease, with minimal costs and high ROI.

We’re excited to partner up with xHashtag, embracing their idea of having a platform for a decentralized liquid workforce that is available to any entrepreneur on-demand without any commitments. This will grant more options and create more opportunities for individual professionals. “Uberizing all skillsets, including development, and is the go-to marketplace for getting any kind of work done.”

Powering Solice lands through xKiosks

To accelerate the developments and stimulate community growth we are incorporating xKiosks made by xHashtag into the Solice metaverse.

On Solice Land, we’re introducing the first-of-its-kind Virtual Kiosks that we call xKiosks, which users can visit and perform certain on-chain or off-chain actions, for instance watching educational advertisements, and in return, get rewarded.

Landowners can also earn an additional stream of income on your Solice land with xKiosks.

Any landowner and builders on Solice can acquire these xKiosks as NFTs and have their tasks displayed as ads on any of the xKiosks on the network. Landowners installing these xKiosks on their land can earn on a profit-sharing basis whenever users complete tasks on these xKiosks. This helps them build an additional stream of income on their lands, without any additional effort from their end.
Aside from rewarding you with $HIGH vouchers, FOMO Duck has one hell of a backstory.

If you’ve come across Highstreet on social media, chances are you’ve already met FOMO Duck — the sunshine-colored, upbeat mascot of our commerce-centric metaverse.

The long-awaited FOMO Duck NFT will finally arrive on September 17, 2021. Highstreet will be releasing 250 each day to be minted and run for it for 30 days. To understand what makes FOMO Duck special and how you can reap rewards, read on!

A Better Marketplace Thanks to FOMO Duck

FOMO Duck doesn’t just brighten up our virtual world with a dash of color and personality. He is also the brains behind one of Highstreet’s innovations for a fairer, friendlier marketplace: StreetSmart Bonding Curves. Why would a duck want to redefine the rules for selling limited-edition products on a decentralized exchange? If only you knew his story:

“Fomolius Duck is part of a mysterious tribe of ducks that populated Highstreet World long before the first Great Crossing Over ever happened. Thousands of years ago a wormhole opened up where Highstreet Market currently stands, and products from the real world started falling through the portal and into the digital world. It wasn’t long before human explorers also started crossing over, and soon the area surrounding the wormhole became a crucial trading center between humans and the intelligent duck natives that resided there. As such these ducks developed a keen sense of trade and opportunity, and overtime evolved to become one of the most affluent traders in the Highstreet Metaverse. Today Freshmints like Fomolius can be seen either representing brands from the real world, or inventing new forms of commerce like the StreetSmart Bonding Curve that Highstreet Market uses.”

StreetSmart’s automated price adjustment process gives every user the fairest price at any moment in time. The system also steps in whenever a user needs a counterparty, making every transaction instantaneous. Most importantly, the use of product tokens in StreetSmart means you never need to worry about getting ripped off or receiving fake goods.



Mint FOMO Duck NFTs And Earn Rewards

After hearing Fomolius’s story, you might want to get your hands on a FOMO Duck NFT too. Starting September 17, 2021 EST Time 10:00AM, you can do that by following these simple steps:

Complete a list of tasks on Gleam. Visit the Highstreet website and select the “Hatch a Duck” function. Mint a FOMO Duck NFT for as low as 0.069 + Gas ETH.

Each FOMO Duck comes with 3 chances to enter the Highstreet Moon Vault and walk out with allocation vouchers for $HIGH. Shortly after Token Launch, all vouchers will convert to $HIGH. Holders of Fomo Duck NFTs also are granted exclusive invites for previews and AMAs located in the most exquisite places in the Highstreet Metaverse. Duck holders are part of the Highstreet Expedition Force that will help the team shape and improve the metaverse continuously. For their service, Duck holders will periodically be given rewards and bonuses even after Highstreet World launches

Time to Get Your (FOMO) Ducks in a Row

For newcomers to the Highstreet metaverse, getting a FOMO Duck is your introduction to a new frontier for gaming, entertainment, crypto, and more. Explore the world of Fomolius and his friends: Highstreet World consists of fully explorable islands powered by brands and partners alike, each with residential areas as well as various phygital products — digital assets pegged to real-world products — tokenized on the blockchain.

A FOMO Duck is also a statement: it says that you support a new way of thinking about markets, where market deficiencies and logistical problems can be solved by smart contracts and bonding curves. And, of course, holding a FOMO Duck folds you into Highstreet’s thriving community. You’ll join a group of like-minded people who can’t wait to shop, earn, and explore a rich metaverse.

About Highstreet

Highstreet is a commerce-centric metaverse that allows players to explore a vast MMORPG world where in-game items are real products by real brands. Highstreet’s merchant portal enables the shopify-for-gaming experience for brands where an easy-to-use user interface built upon the Metaplex protocol allows companies to easily set up shop both on Web 3.0 as well as in Highstreet World.


Koi Labs Secured $2.6 Million in Pre-A Funding Round to Unlock the Next-Generation GameFi and Metaverse Economy Koi Metaverse Nov 1, 2021·5 min read

Indubitably, GameFi and Metaverse have been the most popular concepts of 2021 and probably in the years to come, in crypto or not. These concepts are so intriguing and expansive that people begin to take them as the starting point of the next millennia narrative. Within this booming, or even chaotic environment lies countless opportunities. In the 3rd quarter only, NFT sales surged to $10.7 billion, up more than eightfold from the previous quarter.

Koi Labs is creating new kinds of virtual assets on Blockchain.

Certainly we are the true Metaverse believers and builders who have strong motivation to unlock the Next-Gen GameFi Metaverse Economies. In Metaverse powered by Blockchain, we have seen the following core disruptive innovations:

Blockchain infrastructure leads to the property rights revolution. With blockchain, we can imagine a world in which contracts are embedded in digital code and stored in transparent, shared databases so that everyone could have the real ownership of properties. Non-Fungible Token (NFT) changes the types and rules of games. NFT is a new form of unique digital asset designed to show someone has ownership of a unique virtual asset. It will become a new trend of virtual assets for creating, trading and collecting. Tokenization and crypto creates brand-new business models. Crypto unlocks new rules of business models in game, like the concept of “Play-to-Earn” which created new types of jobs and professions in digital Metaverse economies.

In our minds, if the Metaverse revolution is coming, it should be much more than a phenomenon. And Koi Labs plans to realize that. With time, we believe you will witness us unfolding the power of a complete ecosystem, a self-circulating economy, and upon that, a fun game where you can play to earn and trade to earn.
While many NFT owners would like to exhibit their collections to the public, most exhibition galleries and museums are not prepared to provide such an opportunity. These challenges are related to both the significant costs required to upgrade infrastructure and the inability of traditional exhibition methods to unleash the full potential of the virtual object that is an NFT. That is one of the reasons why we are creating Artyfact, a revolutionary metaverse with marketplace integration where you can exhibit, collect, buy and sell NFTs, create metaworlds and play NFT games.

Artyfact NFT Metaverse

The Artyfact Metaverse lies at the heart of our platform. It consists of metaworlds that combine the latest visual technologies and immersive experiences to create places truly worthy of being virtual home to you and your NFTs.

Main features:

Powered by Unreal Engine

Artyfact is the first metaverse built using Unreal Engine. The advanced technologies used in this game engine gives users a whole new level of detail and immersion in the virtual world.

Integrated with Binance Smart Chain

The platform is integrated with the Binance Smart Chain (BSC) blockchain that makes it possible to provide the ultimate transaction processing performance, low network fees, and high data security.

Millions of metaworlds

A variety of metaworlds will satisfy even the most creative demands. It can be NFT galleries, cities, or anything you want. Create spaces that can’t be found in the real world.

Buy, rent, create, sell

Users can not only rent or buy existing metaworlds, but also create their own metaworlds using “constructor”. Created metaworlds also can be leased or sold to other users.

NFT marketplace integration

Thanks to NFT marketplace integration, metaworlds can be used to buy and sell NFTs. Show your NFT collection to the world and choose which NFT(s) can be sold.

Play NFT games

Aryfact users can also use metaworlds as arenas for NFT games. Games differ depending on the type of chosen metaworld. Connect and play online with other players.

Cross-platform solution

Artyfact is a cross-platform, adaptive solution that allows you to visit a metaworld from any device. To enter the selected metaworld, you only need to follow the link.

These features are only a small part of Artyfact NFT Metaverse’s abilities. For more information please visit our website at www.artyfact.art

Our seed round starts 17.01.2021 at 6PM CET on www.artyfact.art Join the Whitelist and get a chance to win one of 100 Artyfact’s Platinum Cards at https://sweepwidget.com/view/43085-08pwu16b

If you have any more questions or just want to keep in touch with us, please join our official Telegram channel: Artyfact NFT Metaverse


SPACE SIP is an NFT Gaming Project with the global community of Players & Crypto Investors through a diverse mechanism. Space’s vision for this new virtual world where everyone can create, play and explore new Metaverse.

PROJECT OVERVIEW

Ever since people started playing video games, the industry has seen exponential growth. People are no longer just spending on collectibles within game worlds but also real-world ones that have been inspired by their favorite virtual experiences. In today’s digital world, NFTs have become more popular than ever. With prices shooting up and user numbers skyrocketing it is no surprise that many people are talking about the rise of this new currency for games called Non-Fungible Tokens or “NFT”.

However, what exactly do they mean? And which ones will be worth our attention in future articles like these? Let’s find out together!

Losing money in crypto when you first get into it, as everyone does is an inevitable part of learning.

You have been playing so many fantastic games since you were a teenager and now that the series is coming to an end. You want them not only to replicate their favorite game but also make something of equal value/offerings within games because they are passionate about what they do.

SPACE SIP will unleash a new era of game economics by making it easier for any gamers to choose to invest in NFT to generate SIP or simply by playing it to earn it.

IN-GAME ECONOMIC

The talented team is now working with a deadline to produce a wonderful game that never existed on the blockchain game market before. We have narrowed down some ideas that would make gamers excited when the game is released in Q4/2021. Like we mentioned above, this is a game for gamers and by gamers which they could choose whatever they think it can do to earn SIP. We provide two methods following:

Gamers can register for a free-to-play account and earn SIP, we will provide the first lowest level spaceship for them to grind. Gamers can also purchase lucky boxes by spending SIP for better spaceships, then, they can use them to mine/lend/fight to earn more SIP.

The other way to get SIP is to put your available spaceships into mining. We provide 4 different types of planets: Magma, Tsunami, Quake , and Thunder with a huge vault of SIP for gamers to mine.

, and with a huge vault of SIP for gamers to mine. At a specific time, a new planet will be born. Gamers are free to move their spaceships to these locations to get more bonuses. This is called “Raffle mining”.

Every day, gamers log into the game, and they can receive rewards by finishing daily tasks.

The gas fee will be applied for both mining and time to play per day. As we said, better rarity spaceships will have more gas to play than the normal ones. If the spaceships ran out of gas, they would have to go back to the space station for recharge.

NFTs

This is what our Developing team is really into by designing such beautifully badass spaceship models which give them unique looks and abilities. In Space SIP, there are four types of elements which are Fire, Earth, Lightning, and Water, and they represent the characteristics of 4 kinds of spaceships. Each of them will have advantages and disadvantages over another.

Gamers can enhance the value and power of these NFTs by spending SIP through “Fusion” which can increase mining/battling performance significantly. The cards with top-notch power can be traded at a higher price.

GAME PLAY

As SPACE SIP is an RPG game, we’re focusing on PvE, PvP, and Boss fight. Let’s talk about them:

PvE : It costs a ship a certain amount of Fuel to enter Combat Arena. Each round, a set of 3 enemies is presented with random elements. Fights are an on-chain transaction that takes the power values of the chosen ship and chosen enemy and compares the calculated rolls to determine if the player wins or loses. The combat performance will be determined by 4 elements. They’re Spaceship power, Elemental Spaceship power, Elemental Bonus, and Enemy power. So this is not the game of luck, gamers have to get to know about their spaceships.

: It costs a ship a certain amount of Fuel to enter Combat Arena. Each round, a set of 3 enemies is presented with random elements. Fights are an on-chain transaction that takes the power values of the chosen ship and chosen enemy and compares the calculated rolls to determine if the player wins or loses. The combat performance will be determined by 4 elements. They’re Spaceship power, Elemental Spaceship power, Elemental Bonus, and Enemy power. So this is not the game of luck, gamers have to get to know about their spaceships. PvP : The fun part of SPACE SIP is this mode, or you can call it Battle Royal Mode where gamers will have a chance to fight each other on a map with their spaceship, chasing around and shoot others down to get rewards. Our Developing team is trying hard every single day to improve the PvP experience like introducing flying objects that gamers can get cover from being shot at, or random bonus items which will turn the fight around if you can get them. so that gamers won’t be bored like playing the other blockchain games. These are what we’re working on, but more to come in the future.

: The fun part of is this mode, or you can call it Battle Royal Mode where gamers will have a chance to fight each other on a map with their spaceship, chasing around and shoot others down to get rewards. Our Developing team is trying hard every single day to improve the PvP experience like introducing flying objects that gamers can get cover from being shot at, or random bonus items which will turn the fight around if you can get them. so that gamers won’t be bored like playing the other blockchain games. These are what we’re working on, but more to come in the future. Boss fight: We’re working on it and will update in the future.

METAVERSE

We know that gamers will be bored with existing spaceship models after months of playing. However, we will release tons of new models every quarter with new looks and maybe animation will be added into our NFTs so that you can collect and keep them forever. Another exciting thing is, we’re going to cooperate with other game studios to create more content, models, characters to make Space SIP unique. Gamers can also spend SIP on those things too.


Token release schedule
Host: In March of this year, the digital painting NFT “Everydays: The First 5000 Days” created by artist Beeple broke the price record of NFT artworks with a transaction price of US$69.34 million. NFT has also become a hot spot in the blockchain industry. Artworks, games, stars, music, sports and so on also publish their own NFT. There is a view that “everything can be NFT”. What do you think of this view?

大岛巖: Games, art, domain names, collectibles, virtual assets, real assets, identities, and more have NFT applications. NFT allows people to see infinite possibilities. If bitcoin has brought a revolution of financial sovereignty, then NFT has brought a revolution of digital asset ownership, which may push the entire blockchain ecology to incredible heights and dimensions. Today, an NFT is no longer a “pure” digital asset, but rather a symbol of ownership, and having an NFT means having a claim on the underlying asset. We choose the form of blind box to cater to global customers.

Given that global users are increasingly interested in NFT, blind boxes are more effectively aligned with local consumer behavior. In the future, we will also consider joining group buying to promote our NFT artworks, which is similar to Pinduoduo’s e-commerce model. As we continue to release blind boxes, we will keep prices at a reasonable level to attract new customers into the NFT world. We also include NFS tokens in the blind box to reward customers. After users have collected all the NFT fragments, they can use our platform to integrate the fragments into a complete NFT and receive platform rewards in NFS tokens. The user can also redeem this NFT to obtain the artist’s physical artwork, including the user’s unique signature. After redemption, the corresponding NFT status will change to “Redeemed”. Users can also choose to keep NFTs instead of receiving physical artworks to maintain the economic value of the art in the secondary market.
Ever been friends with a shark? These sharks you want to be friends with. Here’s your chance to swim into such an adventure with us at StarSharks.

Gaming has truly taken over the world and we are a part of that movement. StarSharks is a Binance-smart-chain-based metaverse like you’ve never seen before, you’ll see.

The gaming industry is a multi-billion dollar industry that players invest in but rarely if not ever see a return on their investment. We feel that the true value of creativity in a community is underrated, and it has not been well shared with the players who shaped the games and IPs with their time and imagination.

Pioneers of “Content-Fi”: We Would Like to Make a Small Difference to Change the Status Quo

Rather than defining StarSharks as a “Game-Fi” platform, we would consider ourselves pioneers in “Content-Fi” — An innovative and sustainable way to incentivize community creativity and to give back content value to the community that defines the IP.

Starsharks will be a community-driven shark metaverse where players, developers, and investors can define the value evolution of underlying NFTs in a sustainable ecosystem.

The majority of the revenue generated throughout the StarSharks growth journey will be given back to the StarSharks community, to encourage creative ideas that could boost the continual growth of StarSharks IP value, and to further grow the StarSharks community.

We won’t limit the imagination and value of the StarSharks metaverse

Sharks, land, and other in-game infrastructure in the form of NFTs (Non-Fungible Tokens) can be purchased, rented, exchanged, and applied in a world full of unlimited possibilities.

The underlying economy is powered by a sustainable dual-token economy system:

SSS: The governance token that authorizes stakeholders the rights to share the value of the StarSharks metaverse IP via DAO and the rights to define the future of the StarSharks metaverse

The governance token that authorizes stakeholders the rights to share the value of the StarSharks metaverse IP via DAO and the rights to define the future of the StarSharks metaverse SEA: The game token for players to enjoy and build their own metaverse experience

And that’s not even the beginning of it all.

The configuration of the metaverse infrastructures will be done by us but you, the community will define the future…

StarSharks is a game platform that can only thrive on community input which means you are basically in control of what the next game would be through community voting, and you can decide the fate of your beloved StarSharks friends.

At the beginning phase of StarSharks metaverse, we will have initial in-house developed play-to-earn games to ignite the community; and yes, more games and rules that passed the community votes will be unlocked, adding up the application scenes of StarSharks in-game infrastructure NFT.

StarSharks will also offer an open StarSharks SDK for other game developers to integrate StarSharks assets package, NFTs and tokens, into their own world because we always believe strong IP and good content shall grow beyond the initial seed planted. In the StarSharks metaverse, the only limit is your imagination.

Let’s get real: How can I get on board? Couple of ways to go about it.

Of course, you can always go through the buy-play-and-earn process. And there are also other fun ways to be engaged if there are missing pieces:

What if my initial capital is not enough but I want to play?

Most games have this rule whereby all players have to buy three initial NFTs to start playing. We understand that some of you are new to this, such a big investment at such an early stage is scary. We’ve got you! We have a marketplace where NFTs can be rented by entry-level players to play the game.

What if I want to own the StarSharks NFT and don’t have enough time to play? No worries! StarSharks has a built-in NFT rental system where you could lend your NFT to other players and share revenue of their winning battles.

What if I don’t have the time to play but I can get people involved? That’s great! You can participate in our referral program. We’ve got the referrers who will be rewarded by inviting new players into the game; anyone can be a referrer and get extra bonus through our referral incentive program.

What if I just want to invest in the game? We’ve also got the investment position where you can buy SSS and SEA, to harvest the growth of these crypto assets. Or more, stake SSS to share revenue of StarSharks on a monthly basis.

We and the sharks can’t wait to see you on our gaming platform!


Facebook is now officially a Metaverse company after announcing its rebrand to Meta at its Connect 2021 keynote. Its collection of apps and projects will all fall under this umbrella, a move the company hopes will put out some of the fires burning on its doorstep, drawing attention away from Facebook…
CoPuppy multi-elements of “DeFi+NFT” Metaverse

We are on the cusp of a blockchain-based AR virtual world Only an NFT project with a complete deflation model that can integrate financial scenarios can maintain long-term healthy development.

Although the concept of DEFI has been proposed in projects as early as 2017, due to liquidity, DEFI has never achieved a real development. Until 2020, the concept of “liquidty mining” is put forward, and DEFI-decentralized finance has ushered in a huge development. We often discuss how to use cryptocurrency or DEFI to influence the physical world, and build a [Crypto-to-Crypto] blockchain world in the complex real world. The emergence of NFT builds a bridge for this. Since the popularity of CryptoKitties in 2017, thanks to the development of DEFI, the NFT, that has been silent for more than two years, has returned to people’s vision. NFT+DEFI is creating a miracle. The combination NFT and the incentives of FT promotes the encryption world to enter the stage of [connecting with the real world]. The “metaverse” is the ultimate manifestation of this ecosystem. Almost everyone is attracted by the “metaverse” and scrambles to build their own kingdom on the digital network, but ignores the necessary condition of the “universe” — a reasonable economic system. With the rise of countless “uninhabited islands”, these projects lacking “digital natives” eventually turned into historical bubbles.

The great journey is never done overnight. Before we try to understand why these projects fail, let us understand the characteristics of the metaverse.

Characteristics of the meta universe

✔ Sustainability: The world can exist forever without stopping

✔ Real-time: Able to maintain real-time and synchronization with the real world, and have all the forms of the real world

✔ Compatibility: It can accommodate group and things of any size, anyone can enter

✔ Economic attributes: There is a fully operational economic system that can support transactions, payments, and labor to create income, etc.

✔ Connectivity: Digital assets, social relationships, objects, etc. can run through various virtual worlds, and can be converted between “virtual world” and “real world”

✔ Creativity: The content in the virtual world can be created by any individual user or group user

Although NFT based on blockchain technology satisfies multiple attributes of the metaverse, the limitations of NFT itself are also obvious. Different from FT, the liquidity and value of NFT cannot support the most basic economic attributes of the metaverse. When an ecology lacks a basic economic model, then it is doomed to fail in the end.

The prototype of the “metaverse” based on DEFI

[NFT projects with a complete deflation mechanism built on the DEFI ecology will become the cornerstone of the metaverse]-Makus (CoPuppy core founder).

Facts have proved that the development of NFT is as expected. After CryptoKitties→Decentraland→Axie, NFT has evolved from a pure ERC721 protocol to DEFI and even GameFi. These projects build elements through NFT, use FT to transmit value, and build systems, which have become the prototype of the “metaverse” which is currently the closest.

Collectibles and DAO Governance-Indigenous People

CoPuppy understands that, in addition to introducing DEFI as the underlying economic system of the metaverse, NFT as the underlying support for collectibles is still the main application direction of current NFT.

CoPuppy attracts crypto art lovers as the first indigenous people of the meta universe through its collections. In addition, CoPuppy knows that the spirit of “decentralization” is part of the current Internet and cryptocurrency culture, and the emergence of DAO has also greatly promoted the cryptocurrency wave in 2020. This is why recently superstars like Jay-Z bought CryptoPunks. why? Because Ethereum is very interesting and contains opportunities, and one of the most profound and interesting things you can do on Ethereum is to buy a CryptoPunk and join the DAO to participate in community governance.

In CoPuppy, if you hold the Genesis Card (a kind of 3D-NFT card of CoPuppy), you have the right to propose and vote for “Puppy Word” (short for CoPuppy). This is a unique right. Combined with NFT DAO governance, it can guarantee the interests of the initial users, and can visualize the rights and interests of users in the project. After all, holding a Genesis Card is far more attractive than holding a large number of FT tokens. Isn’t it?

[Play to Earn]-Trailblazer

The sales performance of “$20 million in nearly 30 days” has allowed the blockchain game Axie Infinity to enter the vision of Chinese crypto-asset players again. This game is also the project with the highest transaction volume in the NFT market. As of July 8, its daily transaction amount exceeed 20 million dollars.

The success of Axie created the [Play to Earn] model. From buying pets to selling pets and their derived rewards, the entire turn depend on encrypted assets. The network Ethereum on which the game is built and its chain assets become indispensable part of it. The success of Axie lies in the ennjoyment through games, increased the viscosity of blockchain users, and cultivated a solid group of intermediate users, who are the pioneers of the “metaverse”. The rich links in the game increase the consumption of tokens and indirectly lock a large amount of liquidity, which is also the source of AXS’s continuous rise.

CoPuppy also absorbs the essence of [Play to Earn], “Puppy Battle” (the 2D card game in CoPuppy) allows users to choose different teams, buy their own NFT dogs, lock tokens, and wear gem pledges to gain income. Each dog has its own unique attributes, upgrades, mining, breeding and other links increase the circulation of $CP (CoPuppy’s native token). The game “blazers” not only can gain income by combining different types of 2D NFT cards, but also feed back to the “indigenous people”. 3D NFT holders can continue to receive dividends from the game. This design strengthens the relationship between different sectors.

NFT Finance-Innovatorx

Due to the lack of liquidity support for NFT, each NFT cannot be accurately valued, and therefore cannot be integrated with financial products, limiting its own development. Although, projects represented by DEGO and Treasureland are working on NFT fragmentation and a reasonable buy-out mechanism to convert the originally unpriceable NFT into a priceable NFT to solve the above problems, but this will be a long-term process.

CoPuppy is also actively participating in this, acting as an NFT innovator. Doggo Finance (CoPuppy’s financial derivatives platform) built a series of financial derivatives around CoPuppy NFT, and proposed two sets of valuation systems, the lowest reasonable value of 3D-NFT and the built-in lock value of 2D-NFT, which are used to evaluate the NFT in CoPuppy, and on this basis, launched the NFT lending platform.

CoPuppy also has a trading platform specially developed for NFT game customization services, so they can attract more projects to join the “Puppy world” metaverse.

Summary

CoPuppy has built a metaverse ecology conform to the current development of NFT+DEFI around collectibles, games, and finance. Relying on BSC (Binance Smart Chain), it will become the most anticipated NFT project on BSC.
People have always maintained an interest in DIY projects and home renovations, which is demonstrated by the many network channels, series…
MetaLaunch (ASVA) Fuels The Metaverse Economy

What is MetaLaunch?

Asva Labs has unveiled MetaLaunch, the first-ever multi-chain metaverse launchpad and accelerator dedicated to virtual-world and gaming projects. As the metaverse steps into a new era of innovation, MetaLaunch will fuel the industry with strategic fundraising and growth frameworks.

The platform focuses beyond token sales to help carefully vetted start-ups with unique visions scale to their full potential and thrive in the long run. Leveraging the team’s industry expertise and networks, listed projects can avail consulting services on a range of aspects.

Retail investors can access the platform through a tier-based token allocation system. Since each project application undergoes multiple rounds of vetting overseen by MetaLaunch’s council of industry experts, only pioneering projects with competent teams that are dedicated to executing their whitepaper promises make it to the portfolio. This mitigates the chances of rug pulls and ensures better returns for investors.

MetaLaunch mainnet will go live with the IDO of ASVA, the native token of the Asvaverse ecosystem.

A unified finance infrastructure for the metaverse

The Asvaverse ecosystem introduces advanced MetaFi applications that add more use cases to virtual ownership assets and offer gamification opportunities to users. In addition to a launchpad, it features MetaFi DeFi use cases, a virtual marketplace, and play-to-earn guild integrations to widen the scope of existing resources.

Asva Labs brings DeFi to the metaverse industry through Metafi DeFi Vault, a multi-chain DeFi aggregation engine that helps users claim the best APYs on listed tokens through staking and yield farming. Asva metaverse marketplace, on the other hand, facilitates a user-friendly platform to host initial NFT offerings (INOs) and auctions.


Sumit has over 17 years of experience working as a product manager for companies such as TransUnion CIBIL, HSBC, JP Morgan, Nomura, Lehman Brothers, and CCIL. Sumit intends to revolutionise the blockchain and crypto market with his dynamic product management experience as a blockchain enthusiast and design thinking practitioner. He is also the Chapter President for Mumbai-India for GBA (Government Blockchain Association), New York and instrumental in advocating for Blockchain technology for multiple use cases.

Iliass Bouchir─ (Co-Founder Meridian Capital)

Iliaas took his dive into the crypto industry in 2017 when he co-founded the successful VC firm Meridian Capital. He has played a key role in the development and growth of many crypto start-ups and enterprises. He offers end-to-end advisory services to the team in technical development, marketing, ecosystem expansion, and community building.

Alvin Foo─ (President, NASDEX)

Co-Founder, DAOventures. Previously Google Head of Mobile China, IPG’s Reprise China Managing Director, Omnicom Head of Mobile. Advisor for SXSW, China Accelerator, Sparklabs Korea. Emerging Tech & Marketing Evangelist.

Michael Huynh─ (Co-founder DeFi Summit)

Michael has been at the helm of many events that drew mass attention to DeFi and NFTs. He curated the DeFi Summit 2021 with over 72 hours of talks and 200+ speakers. His expertise in marketing and strategic relationship management will help Asva Labs take its products to the global market.


In The Sandbox Metaverse, you create your kingdom! The giveaways are our way of rewarding our loyal and talented community for participating in the creation of the Play-To-Earn The Sandbox Metaverse, where all things created by you and are owned by you.
How Gamerse is Revolutionizing Gaming, NFTs And The Metaverse

The 20s are bringing about technological revolutions left, right and center, and the truly incredible thing is that the exponential growth that we have seen in innovation is continuing decades after it was first noticed. Gamerse is a platform that creates an intersection between three of the most pertinent trends that are prevalent right now, namely gaming, NFTs and the metaverse.

You might know NFTs as being unique works of art that can appreciate in value, and one thing that Gamerse is doing is that it is incorporating NFTs into the gaming community. This is legitimizing an industry that has already existed, one that facilitates the buying and selling of unique gaming items as well as a wide range of other things.

Another thing that Gamerse is doing is that it is creating a centralized social platform for gamers to talk about their favorite games, buy and trade NFTs as well as take part in token staking. By creating avatars and online personas, various games can be brought together into the Metaverse in a really big way. Gamerse allows you to create and join groups, so your days of posting LFG on gaming forums will now be a thing of the past!

You can use Gamerse to play videogames with friends, but you can also use it to earn money. Playing videogames for a living might have seemed like a pipe dream not too long ago, but now it’s possible like never before. The play to earn model has really boosted the value of NFTs, and Gamerse is revolutionizing this by innovating on that model and introducing what they are calling “share to earn”.

You essentially purchase LFG tokens from Gamerse to boost their liquidity, and by staking these tokens you can earn rare items, giveaways and even get early access to a number of games! You can also get to know about new and unique NFTs that will help you to improve your gaming experience along with giving you the chance to gain some prestige in the process. Being able to display your NFTs on your profile alongside your avatar is quite a huge advantage, and it can help you to get in touch with potential buyers as well!

The manner in which you can find NFTs on Gamerse is quite unique too. For one thing, you can use the SwipeSwap feature to find out about the latest NFTs. This provides a Tinder like interface that will only show you NFTs that you would be interested in. Examples include NFTs from games that you are currently playing or have played in the past.

If you’re worried about liquidity threats brought about by holders, you should know that Gamerse is doing quite a lot to facilitate active trading on its platform. Each transaction you make will count as one entry into a weekly lottery in which you can win LFG tokens as well as unique NFTs!

We also need to talk in detail about token staking. Buying tokens is one thing, but instead of waiting for them to appreciate you can just stake them after entering a group after which you will earn an annual yield!

The main reason why people would want NFTs is because of how they might help them stand out while playing their favorite games. Unique skins that no one else can purchase, plots of digital land and assets that can make you more powerful in-game as well as items that have higher stats than others can all be found in NFT form! Since this is an NFT, you can rest assured that what you have is a unique and original item, one that will most definitely appreciate in value. After all, a unique item introduced at a particular time will generate a lot of buzz, and after some time the demand for it will increase which will translate to higher value.

Gamerse is bringing together a lot of aspects of modern digital culture and is creating a great place to hang out and play and talk about games together, but it goes far beyond that. It is also a bustling marketplace for NFTs, a market where you can stake tokens and earn real money thanks to your investment, and where you can create a whole new digital persona for yourself.

The world is increasingly retreating into the digital world, and the Metaverse will be a big part of that. Wherever human society flourishes, commerce quickly follows and Gamerse is currently at the forefront of that movement. It will be interesting to see how NFTs change after such a social platform is created in which they can be traded, one where tokens can also be staked and the focus is on the pleasure and community of gaming rather than just earning money.

Gamerse is a platform that is putting gamers first, and is allowing them to take part in the NFT market that is only valuable because of them. After all, NFTs wouldn’t have much value if gamers weren’t out there making the games that they come from so popular. While digital art comes in all forms and many NFTs have nothing to do with art at all, NFTs in gaming is a very unique space that has tremendous growth potential.

What Gamerse is essentially giving you here is the chance to get in on the ground floor of a gamer oriented economy. You won’t just get the APY from your token stake either, you will also get gems and other rare items that will vastly improve your gaming experience!
Top 5 Metaverses in 2022: Road To Becoming A Millionaire

We all are well aware of the growing popularity of top NFT games, right?

Photo by Richard Horvath on Unsplash

Anything that comes with the possibility of earning money never goes out of the “next big thing” category. The same is the case with the best NFT games.

Players are going crazy over these exciting games, especially since they come with increased profitability. Over time, top players have realized the value of entering the NFT game world earlier rather than later.

I’m interested in Blockchain Games as both a consumer and an investor. Over the course of the past few weeks, I’ve created criteria that I use to analyze blockchain games.

The goal of the criteria is determining commonalities between successful games, as well as identifying other factors that may positively contribute to a games’ success.

I used to use a similar process when I would analyze ICO’s for crypto accelerators, some of the criteria I used in the past still applies to gaming.

At the end of the day, we have to remember that these our businesses. You may absolutely love a certain blockchain game, but take a step back and look at its business model.

If you’re going to invest your time in a game, it’s in your best interest to perform due diligence to ensure it’s not a game that might disappear when fundraising is complete.

At the moment, most people who play blockchain games are investors. They’re gamers, but they’re playing to make money.

They saw what happened with CryptoKitties and want to catch the next wave. This is a problem, it’s not conducive to a positive gameplay experience.

We’re entering an interesting phase in blockchain gaming, where if we want the industry to grow, we need to transition into games that also accommodate casual players.

My criteria will likely change as I begin to learn more and more about the space, but here it is:

The Team External Fundraising Public Fundraising Mechanism Ease of Play-to-Win vs Pay-to-Win User-friendliness/First Time User Experience Ease of Use for Non-crypto Savvy Users Blockchain Implementation Method

I don’t mention a couple of blockchain games that have already reached certain levels of growth and user acquisition. For example, Gods Unchained is doing amazing things for the space by being one of the first blockchain games attracting users.

According to CryptoMinati Capital “The biggest reason behind the popularity of NFT games is the low entry price and the magnitude of benefits later on”.

When NFTs meet blockchain, a new and exciting era ushers in, with gamers growing into critical roles. This is particularly true in terms of the gaming economy, where they can now receive lucrative rewards. The majority of the Free NFT Games promise a 3+ digit percentage of return on investment (ROI).

In the guide below, we have compiled some of the best NFT Games introduced this year.

You will find some free-to-play NFT Games, play-to-earn NFT Games, and many other blockchain games on this list.

For now, let’s look at what I believe are promising blockchain games on the horizon.

MegaCryptoPolis:

MegaCryptoPolis is the decentralized city builder strategy game running in the form of a dApp (decentralized application) on multiply blockchains.

Every action in the game is a transaction signed by a player and accomplished by the smart contract. Every asset in the MegaCryptoPolis is a cryptographically unique ERC-721 token stored in a player’s wallet.

Game logic runs entirely on smart contracts with every action rendering a verified transaction on the blockchain. MegaCryptoPolis is based on a decentralized model, with all in game transactions verified by smart contracts and all player activities stored within the Ethereum blockchain.

MegaCryptoPolis 3D allows players to rent buildings, produce materials those are required by other buildings, create new generations of citizens, offer services to other players, place ads and drive cars, just to name a few.

In order to operate under the Microeconomy concept a Citizen is required to be appointed into a building. Citizens define the overall performance of the building along with a number of Influence Points a building have.

Number of Citizens required by a building to operate on the full power depends on the building level and type. The new Microeconomy concept introduced in 2019 with a set of new functions for all the building types.

Splinterlands:

Splinterlands is one of the most popular tradable free-to-play card games. It falls into the category of play-to-earn top NFT games, so you can earn moola as you play, similar to Gods Unchained.

As a result of winning card matchups, you can earn various rewards. To start playing this awesome NFT game, you need to purchase a starter pack of cards.

The next step is to register a Steam account that will allow you to unveil the cards you bought on Splinterlands. In many cases, you are fortunate enough to get your hands on some of the rare cards after your first purchase.

There is also a possibility that you may get several cards of the same type. If this is the case, you can simply combine all similar cards to give them a tremendous boost in power. Another cool thing you can do is sell one of the identical cards for cryptocurrency.

Once you have acknowledged and familiarized yourself with the cards, it is high time to battle other gamers. You can also shift if you are super bored of playing the same card games based on significant investments.

You’ll enjoy rapid battles in the “Fast and Furious” mode. Each round of Splinterlands takes just a few minutes with a chance to make some bank. So go ahead, give Splinterlands a shot!

The Sandbox:

This is voxel-based game that will excite you to the next level. Sandbox is well-known for being one of the top NFT gaming platforms for creating and trading various virtual assets.

Players are free to customize as well as monetize voxel objects in Sandbox 3D. You can define this game as a blockchain-based version of Roblox or Minecraft.

Sandbox 3D is an open-world physical sandbox. As a player, you are free to experiment with your fellas’ games and manipulate various objects. The platform provides a variety of tools for creating and customizing objects.

In addition, you can sell the objects on multiple markets, which is another cool feature of NFT games. Falling in the category of games for players, this platform also allows you to develop and play your own game.

Sandbox 3D presents SAND, an ERC-20 coin, as the metaverses native. You can use this token to buy a wide variety of in-game products when playing Sandbox 3D.

All the stunning products are available on the marketplace of the platform. You can earn LAND tokens, Sandbox’s NFT tokens, which are among the highest valuable assets in this game.

Gods Unchained:

Gods Unchained falls in the category of free-to-play top NFT games. This unique game is well-known for merging various NFT components with a typical card trading game.

Players earn these cards by winning Player vs. Player (PVP) matches or buying them from other expert players. In both cases, the individual’s playing ability and the quality of their cards decide the winner. This free-to-play NFT game emphasizes your tactics and skills.

In the ranked game mode of Gods Unchained, you’re matched with players of the same rating. You win the match when your gameplay leads your opponent’s life to zero before yours.

Each victory will earn you experience points throughout the game. Once your experience meter is complete, it is time to advance to the next level. As a result of this advancement, you earn a brand new pack of cards to decorate your collection.

An ERC-721 token backs up each of these cards. The platform’s marketplace and the open market allow the players to exchange the cards. GODS is the native coin of the platform.

You can choose to sell your cards within the intimate environment of the game. In that case, you will receive payments in terms of GODS. The game’s development team has successfully issued these native tokens to the crypto market.

Blankos Block Party:

Blankos Block Party made the list largely due to the team behind it. I’m not a big fan of games of this genre, but at the same time am extremely excited to see what the team produces.

Mythical Games, has a pretty stacked team with executives and developers from some of the top-grossing games in the world. They recently completed a Series A investment round that brought in $16 million in funding: which gives them the freedom to focus on gameplay over creative fundraising mechanisms.

There’s very little information out on this game so far, but it checks most of the boxes based on info that I do have. Through reading over interviews some of its team members have done, it seems like Mythical will be focusing heavily on player-owned economies.

Considering the Mythical team includes talent from Activision and Blizzard, I’m excited to see the economies that come out of this project. I haven’t been able to get in touch with the developers of Blankos Block Party and can’t speak to their future plans. Regardless, this is a game that I’ll be keeping a close eye on.
During the past few weeks, Facebook’s CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, has been talking about his interest in turning his social media into a Metaverse company. On Monday 18th, Facebook officially announced on their blog that during the next 5 years they will invest US$ 50 million on it.

The largest social media in the world announced their interest in building a metaverse. This online world will not be built “overnight by a single company”, adding that it can take between 10 and 15 years to take shape.

During the past years, the company has been investing in virtual reality and augmented reality, building wristbands and smart glasses. Now Facebook announced that it’s time to build the metaverse, a digital world in which people can use different devices to move and communicate in a virtual environment.

Recently, Facebook have been dealing with accusations of being bad for teenagers and how social media affects their lives. To make the metaverse a safe space, Facebook now plans to work with researchers in four areas, including privacy and data security. That would allow users to get help if something they see in the metaverse makes them feel uncomfortable.

Trending AR VR Articles:

What is metaverse?

Are you wondering what the metaverse is, and how it works? Let’s start with the basics.

Metaverse is a word that comes from combining the meta prefix that means “beyond” and the word universe. If we define it briefly, it would be a universe from beyond. It can be said that the metaverse is a form of virtual reality, but you have to know that not all virtual reality services are a metaverse.

The metaverse allows its users to enter different extended virtual universes, connected to different types of digital environments. Some experts say that it is shaping up as the future, considering it the next big revolution after the internet.

Which impact can metaverse have on the online and offline world?

After this big reveal from Mark Zuckerberg and other companies investing in this technology, we can expect different effects in our society.

On the one hand, we need to see it as something completely positive when applied to online shops, in a way that it will give customers an exceptional shopping experience. Imagine that you can actually see a hologram projecting a pair of shoes or house furniture, through your phone. Metaverse can create better digital goods space.

Now, when it comes to social interaction, metaverse can offer an “escape way” to avoid society’s problems. As disruptive as it can be, we can be sure that this technology will bring people closer than ever before.

Among these things, the investments, and protocols to build the metaverse are the small steps towards the future. Growth will happen little by little until we have enough infrastructure for developers and users.


The ominous start 2021 had an ominous start. with the Covid-19 pandemic sweeping the world and resulting in unprecedented lockdowns, tribalism and divisiveness began fueling our nerves. While, with all these, humans continued the mission of finding life on Mars and began private explorations into outer space. It might be the most surreal year we ever had. With forced physical and political limitations, we humans are going virtual. With the world getting accustomed to working, closing deals, building businesses online, we moved our personal life to the virtual world too. And in spirit, we are all heading toward the world’s wildest and weirdest space — Metaverse.

A Brand New Roadmap Coming into a new year, Koi Metaverse internally launched its new roadmap detailing a number of new developments. The Project Lead & Ecosystem Director Anetta Sultygova, during multiple AMAs, revealed the new plans for its growth in 2022, which included Koi Metaverse NFTs Genesis Collection Offering Phase 2, Mining and Breeding components launch, and Pictorial Book Mining. And according to the Koi Metaverse pitch deck, the game itself will include many more features like Fishing and Pond, PVP/PVE battle, Island Defensive War, and NFT card game, all with different storylines and characters. After the completion of the Koi Metaverse game, Koi Labs will move on to the next daunting mission, building the underlying infrastructure — Koi Network to unleash the liquidity of GameFi assets through a highly scalable and multi-chain marketplace.


Welcome to the world of PolkaMusic — A Metaverse for Music. The escape from reality you’ve all been craving for. Built over Metaverse Network & Bit.Country on Polkadot, PolkaMusic is the world’s first play-to-earn music NFT game.

The Infinite Possibilities

Understanding the core concept that music need not always be a linear, drab listening activity, we’ve made music immersive, interactive, and social. Our initial experiments with our music rhythm game have seen much success with over 500k downloads already.

While there are plenty of games in the Play2Earn model, we identified lacunae in the music niche, which prompted the development of PolkaMusic.

Democratizing Music Creation and Rewarding Discovery

As the world’s first Play2Earn NFT game which democratizes the entire process of music creation, distribution, and consumption, PolkaMusic rewards music creators and listeners alike.

Any interested user can join the PolkaMusic Metaverse with a free avatar (#FreeToPlay) and evolve it by simply listening to music and earning XP (Experience Points) on a Spotify account connected to the user’s PolkaMusic Metaverse account.

This free-to-play economic model gives us access to a total addressable market (TAM) of over 381 million users across the globe on Spotify. As people get rewarded for doing activities that they would normally do even in the absence of incentivization, onboarding these people is less frictional. Think about it, earning rewards for listening to the music you love, which you anyway keep doing daily.

The PolkaMusic Economy

Plugging together a combination of readily available purchasable music bases in the form of NFTs, which we term as Music Legos, Pay To Play users on the PolkaMusic Metaverse can create their own music demos and monetize it by either becoming a “DJ” and playing the songs at a house party on the Metaverse, or by selling it to other users to do the same.

As the owner of these mixes, you also have the ability to make your music available on 3rd party services such as Spotify & Omni, thus earning you profits in terms of royalties.

Users can also create virtual NFT homes that can be decorated and upgraded with furniture (Furni) that can again be purchased as NFTs. Playing music by inviting friends over for a house party would earn you $dB, our native fungible in-game reward token.

Through these methods such as creating Music Legos, selling MetaWear merch, hosting virtual concerts, buying, running, and selling clubs in the PolkaMusic Metaverse, and selling branded Furni NFTs, artists can unlock new revenue streams with good earning potential.

Throughout the course of the user’s journey on the PolkaMusic Metaverse, $POLM, our native fungible payment token is used to pay for fees incurred during activities or transactions such as music mixing through the Music Lego NFTs, purchasing and decorating a house with Furni, and for house party entry ticket collection. Additionally, $POLM can be used for marketplace transactions as well.

Our in-game reward token $dB on the other hand is only used for rewards and redemption of Furni, Legos, and MetaWear (Except common Free2Play items that can be purchased by redeeming XP).

Interoperability of In-Game Items:

Built on Polkadot on the Metaverse Network, all in-game items including Furni and MetaWear skins would be interoperable natively on the network. These items would also be cross-compatible with other metaverse creators and their products/services including Facebook’s Meta.

Key Highlights

The entire PolkaMusic experience is built on three fundamental pillars — Gamified, Interactive, and Rewarding.

PolkaMusic follows a unique Dual Economy model, with a Free To Play mode and a Pay To Play mode.

The Free To Play mode lets users stream music on Spotify and earn XP (Experience Points) which can be traded for MetaWear that upgrades their Metaverse Avatar. These MetaWear NFTs can be sold in the player marketplace for actual earnings.

The Pay To Play mode lets users purchase Music Legos, make music, and either sell it directly to earn or play these tracks on the metaverse to earn from audience votes. Additionally, they can earn royalties for these tracks for streams on our partner platforms like OMNI and Spotify.

Pay To Play mode also allows users to purchase homes on the PolkaMusic Metaverse and decorate it with Furni NFTs in exchange for the $dB they have earned through activities on the platform. Having rare Furni further enhances the $dB emissions during house parties, allowing guests to earn more.

Our native token $POLM can be used for marketplace transactions as well.

About PolkaMusic: Spearheaded by Shenoy Phalgun, the PolkaMusic Metaverse aims to connect people from across the globe through interactive music, digital wearables, avatar upgrades, and the opportunity to earn exciting crypto rewards. PolkaMusic already has an established music rhythm game with 500k+ downloads on the Google Play Store and is now expanding into the Music Metaverse on Polkadot. About the CEO and Team: Our CEO, Shenoy Phalgun, is the Indian Ambassador for Polkadot and the Evangelist for Polkadot India Incubator. He is a micro-economics expert with extensive experience building autonomous applications. The PolkaMusic team has won the Polkadot Buildathon India and accomplished a Web3 Foundation grant.

If hearing all of this has got you excited (which we’re sure it has), you’ll be happy to know that we are in the final phase of our development and should be launching soon. Get ready to upgrade your music consumption experience! Sign up here for the latest updates and early access.

Recent developments have greatly facilitated GameFi in going mainstream. “Play to earn” is no longer a mere slogan, but has come fully into reality.

However, DeHorizon Foundation firmly believes that blockchain games should not only be “play to earn,” but should also be for fun as well.

As a result, DeVerse was created.

DeVerse: blockchain-based MMO/RPG Metaverse game

What is DeVerse？

DeVerse, launched by DeHorizon Foundation, is a blockchain-based MMO/RPG game built on built on an Ethereum. Still we are developing our Ethereum-linked sidechain. The game is a ferocious, high fantasy action-adventure game that allows players to explore vast, alluring worlds and clash with various foes with the help of their friends and allies.

DeVerse offers five playable hero characters with six vibrant game scenes.

Hero characters in DeVerse

In DeVerse, players will explore the open world of epic battles, minting NFT monsters, mining resources, embarking on heroic quests, taming wild creatures, and much more for fun and to earn $DEVT!

In-game scenes

What is $DEVT?

$DEVT is the token used in DeVerse’s entire GameFi system. As the in-game native token, $DEVT can be consumed to mint yield-generating NFTs, with built-in token redistribution. Tokens are used for in-game currency, rewarding players, placing bets for tournaments, minting and feeding NFT monsters, yield farming, blind boxes, and much more.

$DEVT is BEP20 token, which will be tradeable on Binance Smart Chain.

Token Economy

The total supply of $DEVT is 300 million.

The main distribution is as the following:

Platform 60%: 35% Yield Farming; 25% in Game Currency

Token sales 15%: 10% Private Sales; 5% Angel Round

Contributors: 5%

Partners: 5%

Team: 15%



We are a world-class team. The founding director@Shane Zhu is a serial entrepreneur in Silicon Valley (all of his companies have been successfully acquired). Core members previously worked for Bithumb Global, Dungeons & Dragons, Verizon, Yoozoo, with invaluable experience working on a variety of international projects including gaming and blockchain.


DeVerse Privilege Pre-sale will be live on Binance NFT Marketplace from 11:00 on August 16th, 2021 (UTC) — 23:59 on August 22nd, 2021 (UTC), which is coming soon!

Stay tuned!

In this article, I am sharing my list of potential coins focusing on Metaverse, NFTs and Gaming, for long-term investment.

This article is Part 3 of Metaverse Series. Other articles in the series are:
Top 6 Metaverse Blockchain Games About to Explode

Metaverse is simply blowing up, and some of the projects out there are ones that still have a lot of potential to 2x 3x 5x 10x whatever x’s you want to add to it.

Because they simply haven’t gotten enough recognition or they just simply aren’t completely out yet.
By Brian Armstrong, CEO and Cofounder, & Alex Reeve, Identity Product Lead

These days, everyone is talking about the Metaverse.

Primitive Metaverse platforms are selling virtual land for millions of dollars. Billions more are being invested in Metaverse startups. And Mark Zuckerberg recently renamed his entire company to reflect a focus on building the Metaverse.

The term “Metaverse” is not new. It was first used by author Neal Stephenson in his 1992 novel “Snow Crash.” But as technology improves, and we spend more of our lives online, more people are starting to think about what’s next — and how the future might revolutionize both the digital and the physical world.

Recently, our team put together an internal presentation about the Metaverse, who’s working on it, and how crypto will help make it real. I thought the presentation was well done, so I’m sharing most of the slides here.

Defining the Metaverse

At Coinbase, our thinking about the Metaverse has been heavily influenced by venture capitalist and writer Matthew Ball (you can find his work here). Like Matt, we define the Metaverse as:

The future of the internet: A massively-scaled, persistent, interactive, and interoperable real-time platform comprised of interconnected virtual worlds where people can socialize, work, transact, play, and create.

The earliest version of the internet, Web1, was about accessing static web pages. Web2 is about interactive, social experiences within closed ecosystems. And Web3 will be about digital ownership within an open, decentralized environment.

The Metaverse is the distant evolution of Web3. In its most complete form, it will be a series of decentralized, interconnected virtual worlds with a fully functioning economy where people can do just about anything they can do in the physical world.

Importantly, the Metaverse is not the same thing as gaming (an activity you can do within the Metaverse), or virtual reality (a way of interfacing with the Metaverse). It’s also not the same as Web3 (a distant ancestor of the Metaverse).

To illustrate this, here’s how some current platforms stack up against our definition of the Metaverse:

Elements of the Metaverse

While the full Metaverse is years away, it will rest on a foundation that’s being built right now.

Like the internet today, the Metaverse will rely on hardware and infrastructure, tools and standards, and regulatory frameworks — most of which haven’t been fully developed yet.

But unlike today’s internet, there won’t just be one Metaverse. There will be many Metaverses, and they’ll be interconnected. That’s why it will be important for any Metaverse to be trustless — meaning people can interact directly without going through an intermediary — and permissionless — meaning anyone can participate without authorization from a governing body.

To achieve this, the Metaverse will rely on blockchain to transfer identity and ownership across virtual worlds, attestation to verify them, and payment rails that allow people buy, sell, and earn income within a decentralized economy.

Who’s building the Metaverse today?

While we can’t build anything close to the full Metaverse yet, different companies and organizations are experimenting with different elements of it. Most fall into three categories:

The Metaverse ecosystem is still very much in its infancy: emergent and yet to be defined. That’s its beauty too. There’s a heavy focus on gaming, mostly because it’s easy to monetize. But we’re beginning to see glimpses of what the future might look like.

Identity

Identity determines who you are, what you can access and do, and how you’re represented across the worlds of the Metaverse.

In the Metaverse, our identities will have to include an easy login, a unique ID, an avatar that represents us, metadata that follows us, and attestation so we can prove who we are. Here’s where each of those pieces stands today:

Where Coinbase comes in

At Coinbase, we want to help pull all the pieces of identity together — essentially creating an identity on-ramp into the Metaverse.

That’s the idea behind our work with ENS, which makes it possible to create a unique username NFT that resolves to a wallet. Eventually, this will allow users to carry a unique ID across different worlds in the Metaverse.

We’re also working on technology that will allow you to purchase your avatar, define and maintain your public profile, and establish trust. And we’re working on features like Sign in with [Eth/Coinbase], which could allow users to sign into every app in the Metaverse.

Conclusion

At the end of the day, this isn’t about expanding our business or making money. It’s about building a critical piece of the Metaverse ecosystem, and helping crypto grow in the right way.

We know that the Metaverse will exist, and we know it will be a series of interconnected virtual worlds. Our goal is to make it easy for anyone to establish their identity and gain access to those worlds in a way that’s simple, trusted, and decentralized.

If we succeed, it will allow the Metaverse to reach its full potential — and keep it free and open to everyone.
$2000 A Month: The Metaverse, Play-to-Earn and The New Economic Model to Making a Living Online.

Photo by Clem Onojeghuo on Unsplash

The gaming industry is growing at a rapid pace, and the emerging play-to-earn model coupled with blockchain and the Metaverse is the future.

The gaming industry, which has always been synonymous with fun, has grown massively in recent times, and a lot of money is now being mentioned when gaming comes up.

Since the introduction of Web 3.0, there has been immense growth in the industry. At the end of 2019, the global gaming market was reportedly worth $152 billion.

Photo by Bermix Studio on Unsplash

This growth has meant that, since the introduction of Web 3.0, there has been a consistent rate at which Web 3.0 games are growing and garnering increased adoption. A lot of money is being made, and this has, in turn, attracted a lot of new developers to the space.

Gaming in the past has always been a one-sided relationship, where only the developers or owners of a game get the financial gains while players are left to just have fun and keep spending.

A new economic model has now been introduced but, in the years leading up to it, players have spent a lot on gaming. In 2020, the mobile applications industry saw customers collectively spend $143 billion.

Gaming apps took a huge $100 billion of that amount. This implied that, for every dollar that was spent on the Google Play Store (for Android devices) and the App Store (for Apple devices), gaming apps took a hefty 70% of it.

Even with the introduction of the new model of gaming, it is estimated that over $120 billion will still be spent on mobile games in 2021. This will represent a 20% increase from the figures of 2020.

The new gaming model I’ve mentioned twice now is the play-to-earn gaming model. It is no lie that interest in play-to-earn games was sparked by the global COVID-19 pandemic. The same can be said for the virtual worlds or the “metaverses” that these games are hosted on.

So… What is the Metaverse?

“Metaverse” is a combination of the prefix “meta,” which means beyond, and “universe.” So, the Metaverse is a world beyond the universe. An otherworldly place, so to speak. In the Metaverse, virtual lands, avatars and even buildings can be bought and sold.

This is most often done using cryptocurrencies. In these virtual environments, people can move around freely with their friends, attend events and buy goods and services. Essentially, doing the exact same things they can do in the real world.

The lockdowns, which were a result of the global pandemic, pushed people to look more into the potential of the online world, and they discovered that they could still do business and have fun at the same time, using their devices from anywhere in the world.

Photo by Max Harlynking on Unsplash

Many of the metaverses in existence today are powered by blockchain technology and, to transact on these virtual worlds, a user would need cryptocurrency or nonfungible tokens (NFTs).

A lot of the play-to-earn games we have today have their own metaverses with native cryptocurrencies that are used both for transactions and to receive in-game assets and rewards.

The play-to-earn gaming model embraces the idea of an open economy and financially rewards every user who adds value by playing and spending time in the gaming ecosystem. In the past, the perception about games was that they were just a way of having fun.

That perception is changing now as a new class of games are emerging. These games are not only fun, but they are also attractive investment opportunities. Speaking of investments, in recent times, the industry has seen big venture capital firms invest a lot of money into it.

As much as $9.6 billion was invested in the global gaming industry in the 18 months leading up to 2019, and 24 blockchain-based gaming companies have seen $476 million in investments in the first half of 2021 alone.

In recent times, play-to-earn games like Axie Infinity and The Sandbox have gained popularity, and one thing they have in common is their economic system.

Take the traditional game The Sims for example, where a player can buy in-game assets with the in-game currency, but the currency and assets have no real-world value. This is because there was no infrastructure for liquidity in the game.

Another traditional game, World of Warcraft, does have a marketplace where players can buy in-game assets and exchange characters, but it is very unorganised. Blockchain technology in combination with the play-to-earn model has solved all these issues.

How do play-to-earn games work?

To explain how play-to-earn games work, I’ll use Axie Infinity as an example. Axie Infinity is a Pokémon-inspired blockchain game created by Vietnamese developer Sky Mavis.

It currently has over a million active daily users, and what attracted this large number are the cute in-game creatures called Axies. Users can breed, buy and train these Axies.

The Axies are also used to carry out tasks and engage in battles. The goal of the game is to attain an in-game token called Smooth Love Potion (SLP). With SLP, players can breed their Axies, which gives them the advantage of earning more.

Another reason players want to earn as much SLP as they can is that SLP is a cryptocurrency that can be bought and sold on cryptocurrency exchanges. The best-performing players are said to be making up to 1,500 SLPs a day.

This is around $250 (because volatility causes the exchange rate to change constantly) at the time of writing. The Axie creatures themselves can be sold as NFTs on an open marketplace. Players can also sell in-game assets like real estate and flowers, among others, as NFTs.

So, in this play-to-earn economy of Axie Infinity, players get rewarded for their time by earning SLP, which can be sold on crypto exchanges, and by acquiring Axies and other in-game assets that can be sold in open marketplaces.

Other play-to-earn games

Aside from Axie Infinity, other play-to-earn games and platforms are set to launch, or have already launched, and I see the potential in them. I will be covering all the platforms which I will be testing and give exclusive reports right here!

List still to follow for the best upcoming play-to-earn games in 2022. Link provided to the article below!
When Zuck renamed his company Meta, I freaked out. Meta is a first-year-uni buzzword, especially for stoners.

“That’s, like, so meta…”

It seems odd for Zuck to be coming full circle — or full infinity loop. When he was in uni he made a website for frat jocks to creep out on unsuspecting young women. But it shouldn’t surprise. He built this website into a monopolistic surveillance tool so that he could creep out on all of us, by mining our meta data.

“OMG Zuck that’s like so meta”

But the metaverse is far more than Zuckerberg wanking with buzzwords. Or, it could be. Like metaphysics when used to convey something “beyond” reality, the metaverse is meant to convey something “beyond” the universe. This, admittedly, is all rather confusing, because the universe is meant to convey the totality of everything. How can something be both a part of the universe and beyond it?

Rather than getting all lost in the abstract world of words, others have taken a far more technological approach to imagining the metaverse. For them the metaverse is just the latest incarnation of the internet, one that draws on Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality, and blockchain. VR and AR enable an internet that is experienced as though a user is in a world. That is, as though they are in a different universe. Or, perhaps more accurately, as though they are in something beyond our previous experience of the universe.

But without blockchain this VR experience is limited to the creative work of many different and seperate simulations. If you are strapped into VR and flying through Google Earth, you experience the internet as though you are in another world, but this world has clear boundaries, and no real concept of history — or change through time. Blockchain makes this possible because every piece of the metaverse can be identified, with its location tracked through time. This allows different software engineers to create new worlds, or add to existing worlds, and have them interact. A spaceship created in one game, because it is an NFT, can fly into another game. A new game can be played in the exact same space as one that already exists.

This is the metaverse — a new era of the internet that is experienced as though people are actually in it, and which is — like the universe we have come to take for granted — always changing. It is in a constant state of flux. This metaverse must, by its very nature, be open source. It cannot be designed from the top down by a single company. This would contradict what makes the metaverse possible. For the metaverse to be a place where all VR worlds can be interconnected, it must allow any entrant to participate in its continual recreation.

This is why Zuckerberg’s new pivot is so peculiar. A titan of the centralised monopolistic surveillance internet is claiming to help underpin Web3, a decentralised and open source internet. This is not the first incarnation of such contradictions for the internet. This computer network, for some a beacon of utopia, was launched by the military industrial complex. But there is no reason why the tools created by monopoly capitalism can’t be used against it.

This is what Plutonians hopes to help with. Rather than creating a top down finished product of what some allege the metaverse to be, the game is created as a foundation that anyome can play with, build on, and help create. The aim is not to create some monopoly of the metaverse, for this would be to destroy any hope of a metaverse. The aim is to help us all create a constantly changing, always uncertain, and so always exciting world beyond and in the one we know of now. And when we do this, we are going to take it all the way to Pluto.

About Plutonians

Plutonians is a MMORPG VR Space Game powered by Solana featuring an NFT Shipyard, Game Builder, Story Editor and a great introduction to DeFi and blockchain for new audiences!

Watch our socials and Plutonians.tech for more information.

To keep updated with the latest developments, connect with us on:

Website | Twitter | Telegram |Discord | VR Game Demo
Down Town

The Genesis DAO headquarters and city hall are located. In the center of Puppy World, Genesis DAO will determine the development direction of Puppy World.

There are currently 10 members of Genesis DAO. These 10 members will follow the “Doge” one vote system to discuss major decisions related to the destiny of Puppy World, such as housing and land planning, mining tax law, and PVP arena rules.

In the initial stage of the construction of Puppy World, the project team will play the role of Genesis DAO, until the completion of Puppy World’s infrastructure, it will transfer the rights to Genesis DAO.

Down Town

Want to join Genesis DAO? Come and join the Treasureland Genesis Card auction!
To continue our dream of revolutionary NFT metaverse and to create an ecosystem allowing this to happen, we are organizing a number of $ARTY token sale events. The $ARTY price will grow with each new round. Those of you who will participate early — will win more. Our token will not only allow us to operate but will also become the foundation to our advanced tokenomics system (read more about $ARTY token in this article).

Details of our taken sale events:

Seed round

Seed round starts 17.01.2022 at 6 PM CET. The $ARTY price will be 0.25 $ with 90 days lockup (which means that you’re going to receive your $ARTY token after 90 days). For seed round we allocated 5% of total supply. The minimum investment on seed round is 2500$, the maximum investment is 1000000$.

Private sale

Private sale starts 2.02.2022 at 6 PM CET. The $ARTY price will be 0.35 $ with 70 days lockup (which means that you’re going to receive your $ARTY token after 70 days). For private sale we allocated 2% of total supply. The minimum investment on private sale is 1000$, the maximum investment is 500000$.

Presale

Presale starts 15.02.2022 at 6 PM CET. The $ARTY price will be 0.45 $. 25% of your tokens you will receive on Token Generation Event (IDO listing), other tokens will be sent within the next 3 months after TGE (25% per month). For presale we allocated 1% of total supply. The minimum investment on presale is 1000$, the maximum investment is 250000$.

Public sale

Public sale starts 3.03.2022 at 6 PM CET. The $ARTY price will be 0.55 $. 25% of your tokens you will receive on Token Generation Event (IDO listing), other tokens will be sent within the next 3 months after TGE (25% per month). For public sale we allocated 0.5% of total supply. The minimum investment on public sale is 250$, the maximum investment is 50000$.

IDO (Token Generation Event)

IDO starts 15.03.2022 at 6 PM CET. The $ARTY price will be 0.60 $. For public sale we allocated 0.5% of total supply. The minimum investment on IDO is 100$, the maximum investment is 2500$. More information coming soon.

PancakeSwap

PancakeSwap listing starts on 23.03.2022. The $ARTY price will be 0.60 $. More information coming soon.


The swell of recent investment in the Metaverse has propelled projects such as Sandbox, Decentraland, and many others to new heights, laying a path for future Metaverse titans. The SolaVerse couples the limitless wonder of the stars to the unlimited potential of the Metaverse, providing endless opportunities for exploration, community, and of course, REWARDS in the final frontier!

We welcome you to embark on a project, worlds apart from the familiar.

Each one of the 2,000 SOLA-STARS in the genesis collection serves as a building block for the entire metaverse, with each NFT having a 1-of-1 rarity and unique reward system. Build, or let people build within your solar verse and reap the rewards for everything inside!

The SolaVerse SOLA-STARS Genesis NFT Collection

SOLA-STAR NFT holders will enjoy exclusive access to additional game features, community events, and token rewards, however, our space-themed MMO offers lucrative rewards as a free-to-play, Play-2-Earn game which will become available to SOLA-STAR holders in Q1 of 2022. The SolaVerse will build whole new worlds within the Metaverse, all built on top of the foundation of 2,000 SOLA-STARS… Your SOLA-STARS.

All 2000 stars (1-of-1) will support their own solar system, complete with its own planets. Each Sola-star is an algorithmically generated piece of art with a massive role at the center of The SolaVerse, and if you mint a SOLA-STAR before 11:59 UTC on 25th November, you’ll get a free SOLA-PLANET on their release.

MINT A SOLA-STAR NFT NOW

Our Play-2-Earn game will be free-to-play, welcoming everyone to explore The SolaVerse space-themed MMO game, available on iOS and Android in late 2022. Our community plays the biggest role in The SolaVerse, therefore we strongly value direct contact with every NFT holder.

Join The SolaVerse Discord to join in with the fun!

Each SOLA-STAR will be integrated in our play-to-earn game which will be released in 2022, where everyone with an internet connection will be able to access and play the game for free. Players will have the opportunity to generate in-game currency ($SOLA) by simply playing the game! If that wasn’t exciting enough, all in-game transactions will be made using $SOLA, and any generated within your solar system, you will get a share of the tokens! Anyone who mints a star before November 30, 2021 and refrains from listing their star for sale before January 1st, 2022, will also have their SOLA-STAR featured on our Founding Star Hall of Fame! A showcase of stars on our main website for eternity. A priceless piece of real estate.

A SolaVerse NFT — SOLA-STAR

Beyond the gaming aspects of the Metaverse, The SolaVerse will bring rewards to SOLA-STAR holders through a staking pool system, holders of the Genesis Collection NFTs will be able to stake their NFTs to earn SOLA tokens. Initially, SOLA will act as the premium currency in The Solaverse game. Players can use these utility tokens to purchase in-game items, skins or extras, such as renaming your SOLA-STAR! In short, you do not want to miss the opportunity to own your own solar verse.

However, if you do miss out on minting a star, we invite you to join our epic community!

discord.gg/solaverse

Come join us while we build a GameFi/DeFi Metaverse, based on a foundation of NFTs — in space… What more could you want?
You might have heard that Facebook is now called Meta because it wants to focus on the “metaverse”. According to critics, this is a cynical re-branding of a tarnished product. According to Mark Zuckerberg, this is the future.

So what is the metaverse?

“Metaverse” is the conjunction of two words: meta and verse. The verse part is easy: it’s a contraction of universe. Meta, in this context, has a similar meaning to metaphysics — “transcending” or “transforming”. Put them together and you get “something that transcends and transforms the universe”. Zuckerberg didn’t invent the word. It comes from a 1990’s cyberpunk novel by Neal Stephenson called Snow Crash.

Semantics aside, what does it really mean? The metaverse will be a platform in the future in the way that the Internet is a platform today. Just as the Internet delivers services today, the metaverse will deliver services tomorrow — in 3D. The metaverse will be a collection of new technologies that include virtual reality, mixed reality, augmented reality, Blockchain and cryptocurrency — knitted together by billions of lines of code. Extended Reality (XR) is the collective name for the three types of reality: Augmented Reality (AR), Mixed Reality (MR) and Virtual Reality (VR). AR, as the name suggests, doesn’t change reality, it just adds things. Think Pokemon Go on your smartphone. MR also combines the real world with the virtual but lets you interact with the environment. A virtual keyboard that lets you type (real words) using Microsoft’s HoloLens is an example of MR. VR is completely virtual, where everything is digitally generated and the real world is excluded. Although most of the hype is around VR, AR and MR will play a role in the metaverse.

Zuckerberg has big plans. He’s pledged “tens of billions of dollars a year” for the next five to 10 years. He recently announced the creation of 10,000 new jobs in Europe, dedicated to the metaverse. Microsoft and Disney have made similar (if less firm) commitments.

Now imagine it’s 2030

You waken at 8am to the sound of your smart speaker’s alarm. You’ve not worked in an office since the Great Pandemic of 2020 so you have a well-established routine. It’s a little harder than usual to get out of bed this morning. You were out last night and you drank too much. Well, you weren’t actually out. You were at a gig on your VR headset until 2am. But the alcohol was real — and so is your hangover. The gig was great. You met two friends and enjoyed the show, along with another 100,000 people. The music was fantastic and the visuals were incredible. The ticket cost $20.

You have to shower, dress and eat before your first meeting at 10.00am. Actually, you don’t have to dress since your avatar has a nice selection of outfits but you pull on tee-shirt and pants anyway. You strap on your VR headset just after 9am. You don’t have a PC any more. You recently gave it away. Nineteen voicemails are waiting for you but most can be dismissed with a flick of your wrist. You dictate a response to three and forward a fourth to a colleague (with voice annotation from you). The meeting is coming up…

You choose one (of many) smart/casual outfits from your inventory before “reading” some of the papers you should have read last night. You don’t actually read anything; everything is spoken to you. You like to speed up playback (1.5 times normal speed) to save time — double speed for anything from Colin from Procurement. Your work avatar is different from the one you used last night. Your colleagues would be shocked to see your “alt” (alternative avatar) but you suspect their alts are no better (you once bumped into Sally’s alt in a nightclub). Your business avatar is a pretty accurate 3D rendition of how you actually look. They say that high fidelity avatars (indistinguishable from the real you) are coming soon.

The meeting goes well. You’ve agreed to develop a prototype product along with Janella (Manila), Felix (Hamburg) and Elisa (Madrid). Real-time translation means that everyone speaks in their native language; you’re still impressed with the way their lips sync to English (your language). You work in the “old economy” and produce real things for the real world. But you know the smart people work in the “new economy”, designing and creating virtual products and services, which is why you’re learning to code (RapidScript VR). The rest of the day comprises the usual mix of meetings and work. You finish preparing an important presentation and attend your last virtual meeting at 2pm before taking off your headset at 3 o’clock. The headset is meant to be “comfortable all day”, according to the manufacturer, but you get tired after four or five hours. Apparently, the next generation will be better.

Colin is retiring and his leaving party is this evening. He’s chosen a Gothic-themed “sim” (simulation) for the party so you have to check if you’ve got something appropriate to wear. Why doesn’t he have his party in a (virtual) pub like everyone else? Before the party, you promised to visit your (real) mum in her (virtual) home.

You knew that you had a Goth outfit somewhere. You bought one a couple of years ago when you played Vampyr. It’s a pretty good outfit and cost you $B5–5 BitDollars or $50 in real money. Thank God for Blockchain and the ability to transfer things (“NFTs “— Non Fungible Tokens in the jargon) from one part of the metaverse to another.

Colin’s party is awful. But at least you got to kill him during one of the party games. And Becky was there. You spent most of the evening talking to her. You stayed off the booze tonight. Your head still hurts from last night and you’re thinking about buying a new car later tonight. The car’s a 2005 Maserati GTI and costs $B50 ($500). You’ve been saving the crypto you earn from your virtual bartender job to pay for it. Everyone has a real job and a meta job. Except Colin. He says. Rumour has it he owns a profitable adult sim, which would explain his “retirement” at 45. Although you can convert dollars to crypto, the more you earn in-world, the less real money you have to spend. Becky told you she already makes more from her meta job (selling virtual art) than her real job (she’s quitting next year, she told you). They say that half of all new jobs will be in the metaverse by 2035; by 2050 they expect the GDP of the metaverse to overtake the real economy.

The car is fantastic. You had a test drive (on a car sim) last weekend. You’ve never driven a real Maserati but you’re sure it can’t be any more fun than this. And it justifies spending $750 on a full body smartsuit last year. You can’t wait to teleport out of the party and visit the MetaMarket to buy it.

How do we get there?

Technological change comes in waves. The 1980’s was the PC wave, the 1990’s the Internet, and the 2000’s mobile. The next wave will be the metaverse. The waves build on each other. The Internet needed PCs; mobile needed the Internet; the metaverse will need the Internet and mobile. The PC’s future looks less certain.

Web 3.0

The original Internet is Web 1.0. It’s the Internet from the days of AOL and CompuServe, characterised by desktop PCs, dial-up modems, Windows 95, long pages of text, and bulletin boards. Web 2.0 is today’s Internet. It’s the Internet of Facebook, Netflix and Reddit, characterised by laptop PCs, wi-fi, 4G, multimedia and user-generated content (think YouTube). Web 3.0 is the metaverse. It’s infrastructure is being built right now with the rollout of 5G and fibre optic broadband to your door. A lot has still to be done. Today’s VR hardware isn’t good enough. It’s too slow, too uncomfortable and too expensive. That problem is relatively easy to solve. The computing industry has a long history of making things faster, better and cheaper. A more difficult problem is software. Not just the billions of lines of code needed to create the metaverse but also the standards and protocols that will be required to ensure that the metaverse “fits together” — including a way of storing digital assets (using Blockchain) and exchanging value (using cryptocurrency). Those 10,000 jobs in Europe are just the start.

Do we want to get there?

Do you like your PC? Do you like the Internet? Do you like your smartphone? You probably didn’t at the time. The Internet’s for geeks! And those people with those huge portable phones! Who do they think they are? They were the future.

Don’t be fooled by what you’ve seen of the metaverse. The cartoon characters, the ridiculous meetings in sci-fi environments, is not what it will be like. Zuckerberg’s presentation, when he announced his vision for the metaverse, appeared to be designed to come across as silly and non-threatening. That was for public consumption. The smart money knows better. Your neighbourhood is being cabled for a reason — and it’s not nicer Netflix.

If my description of 2030 horrifies you, it shouldn’t. We’re already spending a significant proportion of our time in front of screens (TVs, PCs, Kindles, tablets, smartphones, etc.). If nothing else, the metaverse will mean you look at fewer screens. That’s not to say there aren’t dangers but let’s start with the positives.

The metaverse will solve real world problems. Travel for one. The need to physically travel will disappear when you can teleport anywhere. Education for another. You’ll learn more (and better) in virtual worlds than you ever could in the real world. Romance, too. Your children will meet their future partners in the metaverse. Rampant consumerism will shift from the physical world to the virtual world — and potentially save the planet. Your inventory of virtual goods (NFTs) will be as important as your physical assets; your e-wallet (cryptocurrency) as important as your bank account. You will experience things in the metaverse that you can’t imagine. Age, race, gender, disability and physical appearance will be irrelevant.

The technical challenges currently facing the metaverse will be overcome but the sociological and psychological challenges will be harder to resolve. The metaverse will have to be regulated in a way that Web 1.0 and Web 2.0 never were. The usual excuse for the lack of regulation (“It’s too difficult”) will not wash. Societies will have to find ways of extracting value from the metaverse through things like taxation. We’ll still need roads and clean water. There is a danger that the metaverse will be dominated by a few big tech companies, reducing us to virtual peasants in their metaphysical fiefdoms. Data ownership and personal privacy will have to be protected. Web 3.0 has even more potential than Web 2.0 to track and surveil us. Addiction will be a problem. Your real life will be dull compared to your virtual life. People will need to establish a meta/life balance, which will be easier said than done.

None of these things are show-stoppers. But we need to take them a lot more seriously than we’ve done in the past. The prospect of us living happily in a virtual world while the real world decays around us is bleak. It doesn’t have to be like that. Our current political representatives have been unable or unwilling to protect our interests from big tech. They failed the Web 2.0 test. Can they be trusted with Web 3.0?

When will we get there?

Zuckerberg’s plan spans “five to 10 years”. I don’t expect to see much change in the next couple of years. But by the middle of this decade I expect to see cheaper, better hardware and some useful applications. Games, shopping and adult entertainment are likely to be the first things to lure us into the metaverse. By 2025, a $500 headset will probably give you a pretty decent virtual experience, making some things (such as shopping) significantly better. It goes without saying that the metaverse will be great for gaming. And sex always sells.

Your PC is safe for the foreseeable future but I can see it evolve into a sort of hybrid 2D/3D system (using touch screens, body sensing cameras, etc.). Your VR headset will make you want something similar on your desktop. Between 2025 and 2035, PC, mobile and VR will co-exist, permitting you to flip from one to the other. Longer term, the PC will become a relic.

Jobs won’t change overnight either. The real world isn’t going anywhere. We’ll still need plumbers and builders. Some jobs (such as nursing) will hardly change. Others will change significantly. Teaching for one. The pressure to modernise education will become irresistible during the next decade. There’ll be new jobs that we can’t imagine today. Technical skills, programming skills and design skills will be in high demand but the metaverse will require creative skills of all kinds.

We live in an exponential age so predictions are fraught. If hardware and software develop quickly, the PC could be a relic much sooner than 2035. Suppose that “pretty decent experience” doesn’t cost $500 but costs $250 (Meta’s current VR headset is $299). Suppose you can buy a smartphone adapter for VR for $99 — or it comes free with your 2025 smartphone. It’s not hard to imagine people flocking to the metaverse if that happens. Maybe it won’t happen. Maybe costs will remain high, the user experience will be poor and, ultimately, the whole thing will be nothing more than a PlayStation wrapped around your head.

I doubt it. I think the metaverse is coming. The future is unlikely to be utopian or dystopian. We won’t flourish in the metaverse, without consequence. Neither will we enter a Dark Age of crime and surveillance. In the coming decade there are obvious use-cases that will benefit from VR. I have no doubts that Web 3.0 will become part of our lives. But only part. We’ll still live in the messy real world. Longer term? Who knows. But, unlike Web 2.0, we know the dangers and can try to get it right this time.


At 14:00（UTC+8）online virtually (link to be announced) on November 19th, Odaily Planet Daily and Realy jointly organized “META THE WORLD — A Guide to Metaverse Tour”, inviting metaverse top players and top capitals to layout the metaverse track, and take you to the second life of metaverse.

As Facebook changed its name to “Meta”, Metaverse once again became the focus of the market. As a virtual space, it is called “the next stop of the Internet.” It allows you to immerse yourself in it and interact with virtual surroundings, such as participating in concerts, buying NFTs, and even opening up a game mode of earning and playing, further integrating reality and the Internet.

The birth of the metaverse

In 1992, Neal Stephenson, a famous American science fiction writer, mentioned an online world parallel to the real world in his novel “Snow Crash”, calling it “Metaworld”, in the original English book Called “Metaverse”.

2021 is the first year of the outbreak of “Metaverse”.

Some significant events include： in March, Roblox (Roblox, RBLX.NYSE), the “Meta Universe First Share” game platform, was listed on the New York Stock Exchange; in April, American pop singer Travis Scott hosted a 10,000-person event in the game “Fortress Night”, a virtual concert.

The young people in the Z era are fascinated by the metaverse, just like the people in the 70s and 80s who were obsessed with the world of martial arts.

Although none of us can be sure of the final form of this digital world, we have conceived: In this virtual world of time and space, everyone has a network avatar that can create different values ​​from reality and enjoy a different life.

The metaverse is full of metaphors to the real world, and it is also becoming a wormhole that breaks through the boundaries of reality and opens a new era of mankind.

Capital dreams “metaverse”

The metaverse track itself has trillion-level market potential, including AI, blockchain, communications, AR, VR, and many other emerging technologies, connecting in the background of technological development. Leading VCs and investment institutions are all entering.

In terms of metaverse-related IPs, according to publicly available information, a total of 3,167 applications for the registration of the domestic “Metaverse” trademark have been applied for.

Since September 1, 2021, “Metaverse” related trademarks have been applied for 2,939, and Tencent and other companies have successively applied for trademarks such as QQ Metaverse.

Since the listing of the first stock of Metaverse, foreign companies such as Facebook, Epic Games, and Nvidia have deployed Metaverse, and many Chinese companies including Tencent have also begun to deploy.

“Generally speaking, the measure of the real start of a track is that the amount of head financing it is getting as it reaches higher, which is related to the depth of capital recognition. In the field of Metaverse, their trends are the industry’s vane.”

A guide to the metaverse

Many people believe that Metaverse is the next stop on the Internet. So far, the best scene of the meta-universe landing belongs to the game.

For example, Roblox organized a virtual immersive virtual experience event to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Gucci brand. Another example is the AI ​​workshop held by AIAC in Animal Crossing, which provides a virtual space for AI researchers to communicate and interact.

In addition, a new method of meta-universe “Live to earn” was proposed, and the meta-universe mode of “sit there to earn” was opened up.

RealyMetaverse is the first Metaverse project in the first episode of Solana ecology, “Metaverse Virtual Life + Wearable Tool NFT + Equity Pet NFT + 3A Game Screen + Well-known IP Cooperation”, that is, in RealyMetaverse, every user can raise pets, participate in the construction of the metaverse and interact with street fashion IP, enjoy the dividends of the entire ecology; and promote the expansion of the player’s own economy from games to fashion, architecture, virtual concerts, virtual performances, art exhibitions, museums, etc., to develop The entire ecosystem and opportunities in the digital realm.

With the development of technology, the time for people to accept new things is shortening. In the digital age, people are immersed in the display of different “personal settings” in another parallel universe and experience second life: watching digital art exhibitions, buying virtual goods, watching virtual concerts…

The boundaries we explore will extend infinitely. Meta universe is the next frontier technology to connect people, just like the original social networking site. Although the meta universe is still in a very early embryonic stage, the connection of people is only one of the links, but the future is far more than that.

Or eventually, technology will enable visualized digital bodies to replace today’s simple digital identities, and we can truly immerse ourselves in the virtual world.

At 14:00 on November 19th, the Odaily Planet Daily and Realy jointly host “META THE WORLD-A Guide to the Meta-Universe”, inviting the lead players of the Meta-Universe and the lead capital of the layout of the Meta-Universe track, and you will be open your path to your “Metaverse” “Second Life.”
Meet Highstreet, the world’s first commerce-centered metaverse

By bringing the crypto community into the metaverse, Highstreet is crafting a brand-new entertainment and retail experience.

Highstreet Metaverse

The metaverse is here. Its accessibility in gaming, entertainment, crypto, and other scenarios is a major attraction for users who want to connect with people with the same passions. This is more than a new experience shaped by everyone who participates in the metaverse — it’s also a new form of imaginative expression.

Highstreet channels this creativity and merges it with the crypto community’s conviction in physical interactions increasingly overlapping with virtual space. Our identity is already half-digital and half-physical, so the way we interact with the objects we own should mirror that assertion. That’s why Highstreet is building a platform at the heart of hybrid IRL-virtual experiences for you to be at the forefront of this innovative evolution.

Highstreet Teaser Trailer

We’re taking “new retail” to new frontiers

Highstreet is the world’s first commerce-centered metaverse. Our marketplace is accessible through web browsers, making it easy to spend time with a community that is involved in the same hobbies and interests. There will even be opportunities to mingle with celebrities who will release their signature products on Highstreet.

For those with access to native VR, Highstreet’s metaverse is an environment where you can tap into the only thing that’s missing in crypto — face to face interactions. Highstreet will be home to a unique crypto lounge where users can buy and sell cryptocurrencies in a VR environment. Meet up with potential buyers or sellers in Highstreet’s Cyberbar to discuss terms of your deal and shake on it to complete your transactions.

Highstreet has high-powered backing. Previously known as LumiereVR, Highstreet brings five years of experience in VR development to the metaverse. We have high-profile investors like HTC. A series of big names in the music and contemporary arts industries are already onboard as drop partners and ready to shape a phygital world for our users.

Cyberbar Alpha

Let’s get Phygital

Every item sold on Highstreet is presented to the buyer in digital and physical formats, connected by a product token. Let’s say you bought a pair of limited-edition Air Jordans. Aside from being able to wear them in real life whenever you want, you can also add them to your avatar’s wardrobe in the metaverse.

won-chain by your collection is unique to Highstreet, which has built-in mechanisms to ensure every transaction benefits both buyer and seller.

Bonding curves keep merchandise moving

Most digital assets and collectibles do not stay relevant over time. Many become illiquid, which means they can’t be traded or sold. Highstreet overcomes this problem by selling products on bonding curves, guaranteeing liquidity for all buyers while automating price discovery for sellers.

On Highstreet, prices adjust automatically to ensure fairness for both seller and buyer. Our bonding curve ensures there is always a counterparty for all transactions, 24/7.

The future is DAO

Today, Highstreet makes sure that only verified, trustworthy vendors are part of our marketplace. Our authentication process prevents scammers from joining the platform and ensures the legitimacy of every item that is in our marketplace.

Highstreet’s future is defined by automation. Our bonding curve automatically raises and drops prices based on thousands of case studies. Listings on Highstreet’s marketplace will be permissionless. This will be made possible by staking the HIGH token, and Highstreet is always prepared to buy or sell HIGH at the price point defined by the curve, making it easy for anyone to join Highstreet’s community.

Highstreet isn’t just about creating new experiences. It’s also about shaping new possibilities by merging subcultures at the intersection of crypto and the metaverse, altogether forming novel ways of expression and commerce.


Yes, that’s the guy who created the Oculus. And yes, I wore shoes while I wrote this.

As a 50-year-old man, I am rooting for the transition to the metaverse, where my hair will always be thick, my Cialis prescription unfilled, and my history cleared.

I wrote a 2015 Time magazine cover story on virtual reality titled “The Surprising Joy of Virtual Reality — And Why It’s About to Change the World.”…
Welcome to Startup Spotlight — a recurring article series where we break down the startups joining Decubate. In each edition of Startup Spotlight, we aim to provide actionable information to clearly understand each startup, the market they’re operating in and why we as Decubate are excited about their future.

In the inaugural edition of Startup Spotlight, we’re covering ARize. An augmented reality business with big plans for the metaverse.

Before jumping into ARize, we’d be remiss if we didn’t set the stage for the metaverse. What it is, how it’s structured, and where it’s going.

Enter The Metaverse

While the metaverse has been depicted in popular media as a massive singular destination (e.g. The Oasis from Ready Player One) the people who are actively building it believe otherwise. They view the metaverse as a range of immersive media experiences that are interoperable with each other, but that’s just scratching the surface. We need to go deeper.

Which brings us to the structural layers of the metaverse itself. The component pieces required (both hardware and software) to create it. We’re big fans of Matthew Ball’s categorization of the metaverse (his metaverse primer is a must read). Ball identifies eight core enablers of the metaverse that will work in concert to power its future.

Credit: Matthew Ball — MatthewBall.vc

For the purposes of this article, we’re going to focus on the Content, Services and Assets category which Ball defines as “the design/creation, sale, re-sale, storage, secure protection and financial management of digital assets.” We believe this piece of the metaverse is incredibly attractive.

The current market size of virtual goods is $52 billion

Sales of NFTs have reached $2.5 billion year to date

The metaverse market expected to reach $280 billion by 2025

“The future of the metaverse is here, it’s just not evenly distributed”

The market growth potential of virtual goods, the current iteration of the metaverse Content category, is stunted because of legacy internet business models, namely, walled gardens. That skin you purchased in Fortnite is not coming with you to Roblox. You can’t bring your Robe of the Void from WOW to Skyrim and your Second Life gear will definitely not show up in IMVU. While the nascent, walled garden phase metaverse we’re experiencing today is fundamentally flawed, it has validated virtual goods and by association future metaverse content as a lucrative asset class. Imagine the market implications when virtual goods can finally travel with you.

“The metaverse will be a constellation of interconnected experiences, as abundant as the stars”

Today, there are currently 1.86 billion websites online today. As the metaverse takes shape, we believe its various touch-points will likely exceed that figure and that creating your own corner of the metaverse should ultimately be as easy (if not easier) than building a website today. That would require a treasure trove of virtual goods and that’s exactly the opportunity ARize is planning to tackle.

ARize is building a metaverse ready marketplace for virtual goods. A singular destination for all your digital asset needs. From avatars and clothing to dragons and spaceships and everything in between!

So, without further ado, let’s dig into ARize.

Introducing ARize

We’ve selected key slides out of ARize’s investor presentation for commentary. The full presentation will be available on their Decubate profile in the coming days.

The key features of the ARize platform support the deployment of a metaverse ready virtual good. From creation and rights management to sale and ongoing monetization. As we previously noted, a key driver for the expansion of the Content category of the metaverse will be the robust resale market.

ARize has done a great job crystalizing the benefits its platform provides to key participants. We really like how they’ve designed their platform to appeal to both B2C (creators and users) and B2B (creators and developers) audiences.

Have to include the team slide. Talent is a key qualifier we look for when evaluating startups for Decubate and the founding team at ARize is well positioned for success. We’re big believers in their CEO, Aryan, and his track record of running a profitable business for 3+ years.

A key area we focus on when vetting businesses for Decubate is blockchain use case. Does embracing this technology have significant potential to create new value for the business and investors. The answer for ARize is a firm yes as blockchain unlocks the foundational building blocks they’ll need to build the leading marketplace for metaverse-ready virtual goods.

Arize has done a nice job of maximizing the utility of their ARZ token. The content creation (NFT) and rights management use cases are very intriguing.

Directly connected to the token utility slide above, we love how ARize envisions ARZ fueling their virtual goods marketplace across all audiences.

The future of ARize looks bright. We like how they’re focused on creating near-term value for investors by launching Staking Pools out of the gate and how aggressively they’re staffing to deliver on their upcoming milestones. 2022 is going to be action packed!

TLDR

ARize is a successful augmented reality business that’s expanding into the metaverse

The metaverse market expected to reach $280 billion by 2025

ARize is developing a platform and marketplace for NFT-based virtual goods

ARize is launching ARZ, a utility token that will power their metaverse offering on Decubate

Visit platform.decubate.com to learn more about ARize and subscribe your interest to invest

How big could ARize be? If everything goes according to plan, Amazon for the metaverse!
State of the Metaverse 2021

Ultima IV artwork from Origin

Apple customers spent $1.8 billion on digital items and services between Christmas and New Year’s leading into 2021. The digital economy is taking over quickly. Blockchains and NFTs will soon be at the center of the transformation. Due to a looming convergence of technologies, this trend is going to accelerate over the next decade. Welcome to the metaverse.

In this article, we’ll discuss what the metaverse is, why it’s important, some of the current trends, and what we might expect for metaverse development in 2021. “Metaverse” means many things, but the main ingredients are ubiquitous networking, cryptocurrencies and cryptonetworks like Bitcoin and Ethereum, eXtended Reality (XR) including VR and AR, and Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs).

What is the Metaverse?

The metaverse, in a nutshell, is the digital world, where anything we can imagine can exist. Eventually, we’ll be connected to the metaverse all the time, extending our senses of sight, sound, and touch, blending digital items into the physical world, or popping into fully immersive 3D environments whenever we want. That family of technologies is known collectively as eXtended Reality (XR).

I believe that the metaverse will one day be a HUGE economy, representing up to 10x the total value of the entire current global economy. If you’re not sure what I’m talking about yet, I spoke about it with Andrew Steinwold on the Zima Red Podcast:

Today, we’re seeing shadowy glimpses of what the metaverse may soon become. To understand what will be, we should first take a look at where it came from.

In 1985, Richard Garriott coined the term “avatar” to describe a player’s character in a video game.

“Ultima IV was the first game I wanted the player to respond to what I called ‘moral dilemmas and ethical challenges’ as they personally would [and not like an alter ego]. While doing my research on virtues and ethics…to look for ethical parables or moral philosophy I came across the concept of the word ‘avatar’ in a lot of Hindu texts. In that case, the avatar was the physical manifestation of a god when it came down to earth. That’s perfect, because really I’m trying to test your spirit within my fictional realm.” — Richard Garriott

In his 1992 book, “Snowcrash”, Neal Stephenson imagined an internet-like virtual reality world he called “the metaverse” where users would interact with digital forms of themselves called “avatars”.

From Snowcrash, the term “avatar” spread across popular fiction franchises, including Earnest Cline’s “Ready Player One”, which was turned into a popular movie.

In “Ready Player One”, a centralized metaverse called the Oasis hosted avatars which could be customized in a variety of ways. Players could purchase items and outfits to use in-game. Those items had real value, and losing them was a big deal.

A lot of video game players can relate. We work hard for those in-game rewards, only to discover that at any time, those items can be taken away from us, or their value could be destroyed by some centralized power who controls all of the items, and each item’s capabilities.

In the years before Bitcoin exploded as the world’s first viable cryptocurrency, Vitalik Buterin was an avid World of Warcraft player.

“Blizzard removed the damage component from my beloved warlock’s Siphon Life spell. I cried myself to sleep, and on that day I realized what horrors centralized services can bring.” ~ Vitalik Buterin

That led Vitalik to propose the idea for Ethereum — a decentralized cryptonetwork like the one that backs the Bitcoin cryptocurrency, but a cryptonetwork that could execute arbitrary, Turing-complete programs, called smart contracts. Those smart contracts can do many things. One of those things is to represent a unique digital item, called a Non-Fungible Token (NFT).

Why the Metaverse Needs Cryptocurrencies, NFTs, and Open Standards

Digital items are already more than a $10 billion market, and Fortnite alone has sold more than $1 billion. But currently, Fortnite’s digital items only work in Fortnite, and if Epic Games ever decided to shut Fortnite down, those items would be rendered worthless overnight. A multi-billion dollar market would vanish into the ether.

On August 13th, Epic Games, the maker of Fortnite sued Apple over the 30% fee for in-game purchases. Facebook announced in December 2020 that it will support Epic Games in the lawsuit because they also had issues trying to release products with in-app purchases on the Apple app store.

A Non-Fungible Token (NFT) is a digital item that can be created (minted), sold or purchased on an open market, and owned and controlled by any individual user, without the permission or support of any centralized company.

In order for digital items to have real, lasting value, they must exist independent of an entity who might decide at any moment to remove or disable the item. It is that property of NFTs that make them able to command hundreds of thousands of dollars. For example, a collaboration between Trevor Jones and DC Comic artist José Delbo sold for 302.5 ETH, which was $111k at the time. Now that ETH is worth more than $220k.

The difference between the items in Fortnite and an NFT is simple: True ownership. Digital property rights. The buyer of that NFT never has to worry that some company in the cloud is going to stop their service or freeze their account. The metaverse must be an open ecosystem, not an ecosystem dominated by the whims of any single company.

The metaverse consists of many parts, but here are the basic foundations:

The internet — a decentralized network of computers which is not owned by any single entity or government, and does not require the central permission of any such entity to use.

— a decentralized network of computers which is not owned by any single entity or government, and does not require the central permission of any such entity to use. Open standards for media, including text, images, audio, video, 3D items, 3D scenes and geometry, vectors, sequences, and procedures to generate and combine any of these things. Pixar’s USD and NVIDIA’s MDL are great steps towards interoperability for 3D applications.

including text, images, audio, video, 3D items, 3D scenes and geometry, vectors, sequences, and procedures to generate and combine any of these things. Pixar’s USD and NVIDIA’s MDL are great steps towards interoperability for 3D applications. Open programming language standards for any of the above. Such standards include HTML, JavaScript, WebAssembly, WebXR, WebGPU Shader Language, etc.

for any of the above. Such standards include HTML, JavaScript, WebAssembly, WebXR, WebGPU Shader Language, etc. eXtended Reality (XR) hardware such as smart glasses, haptics, and omni treadmills.

such as smart glasses, haptics, and omni treadmills. Decentralized ledgers and smart contract platforms (e.g., Blockchains) for transparent, permissionless, and censorship-resistant transactions. Examples include Bitcoin, Ethereum, Flow, and Theta, Binance Smart Chain (BSC), and many others. These form important foundations for the ownership economy that will support the metaverse and make it a viable public good.

You can’t have a truly open economy if there is a central actor controlling the assets, user capabilities, and bank accounts. Only open, interoperable specifications and decentralized, permissionless, Turing-complete smart contract platforms will support the ownership economy needed for the metaverse to thrive.

In Ready Player One, an evil corporation called IOI was attempting to solve a treasure hunt to gain total control of the Oasis. IOI was motivated to extract maximum profits at any cost, including the legal imprisonment and enslavement of large swaths of humanity to work off debts.

That’s a bit extreme, but if any single company has too much control of the metaverse, they might decide to follow Apple’s lead and extort huge cuts from all transactions in the metaverse, strangling economic efficiency, and stifling innovation and the discovery of new and beneficial business models.

A decentralized economy is more fair, more efficient, and more long-term sustainable than trusting any single company with the keys to the metaverse. In the cryptoverse, everybody gets their own keys to their own kingdoms.

The Multiverse

Currently, there isn’t one universally interoperable metaverse like the Oasis from Ready Player One. Instead, we have a bunch of different platforms competing for users. The first MMO and open world games, such as World of Warcraft and Second Life began to lay the foundations of the modern 3D multiverse around 2003–2004, but as Vitalik discovered, their economies rely 100% on a single centralized company you must trust to respect the needs of the users, and you can’t take your items and money from one game world to another.

Decentraland is a 3D space where you can build virtual worlds, play games, explore museums packed with NFT art, attend live concerts, etc. It works in a standard web browser if you have the MetaMask extension installed to give you access to the cryptocurrency and NFT features. You can buy and sell properties, create and sell virtual art for the art galleries, or build worlds. Several companies have invested in land in Decentraland, and some of them may be willing to pay skilled builders to develop it.

Decentraland has even got into the conference space, and has proven that there are interesting opportunities to create unique and creative booth experiences for vendors.

3D scene designers may one day be able to earn a good living designing vendor experiences for metaverse-hosted conferences.

There are a variety of playable mini games in Decentraland, and some of them reward you with NFTs that you may be able to sell on OpenSea.

Similar platforms like Somnium Space and The Sandbox have also emerged. As far as I’m aware though, you can’t take your Decentraland wearables into The Sandbox.

The Multiverse Needs an Omniverse

The internet is a bit like that today. Lots of different apps and spaces, and relatively little information shared between them, but crypto and decentralized computing are beginning to break down some of those walls.

For example, you can take what you own with you from one app to another. You can make a cryptocurrency swap on Uniswap, for example, and then see the balances reflected in Zerion. Likewise, you can sell your Decentraland wearables on OpenSea.

The same is not true of most of the 3D world assets, or the environments themselves. For example, I can’t explore the Decentraland world in The Sandbox, or open a game made in Unity with an Unreal Engine app.

If we want our worlds to be truly open and explorable across different platforms, devices, and engines, we need the data to be open and accessible, and we need just-in-time services and data subscriptions to deliver assets when and where we need them. NVIDIA’s Omniverse combines open file formats like Pixar’s Universal Scene Description with network services that you can connect with the software tools you use to create media for VR.

The result is that world creators can collaborate across a variety of apps, in realtime, all editing and viewing the same assets. It’s basically like collaborating in Google Docs for 3D worlds.

Omniverse uses Pixar’s USD as the native file format, but it takes it one step further, by offering the assets as live cloud-enabled services that many apps can connect to simultaneously. Pixar’s USD technology is open source, which means that any developer can download the tools and adopt these technologies and integrate them in their apps and games. I would urge all of the people working on metaverse-related projects to converge around sharable, open technologies and assets.

But data sharing isn’t the end of it. The substrate of the metaverse is shared data, shared computation, and shared bandwidth, and when they all come together, it can extend the range of what we can accomplish together as a species.

Now what we need is a decentralized omniverse that acts as a public good that anybody can use, contribute to, host nodes for, and build on.

The Cryptocurrency Connection

Distributed computing software like Folding@Home has existed since the year 2000. Peer to peer file sharing has existed since the 1990s. We could have built a common operating system for file sharing and decentralized computation decades ago. But there was a key component missing: How do we reward users to contribute to the public services?

Lots of people will donate their CPU time to help fight cancer and COVID-19, but one of the main problems with P2P file sharing services is freeloading. Lots of people will connect, consume the shared resources, and then split before they’ve contributed enough to make up the cost of what they took.

We needed incentives. Cryptocurrencies are programmable money, and with them, we can create self-sustaining protocols: File sharing services where people are paid to share their space and bandwidth, or compute-sharing services where people are paid to share their pricey gaming GPU when they’re not playing. Similarly, we can pool our money together to provide liquidity so that users can swap from one digital currency to another efficiently. Liquidity providers get paid for adding liquidity to the market.

Since I started writing this article, I’ve earned 3.7617 TFUEL (about $0.13) on the Theta network in exchange for sharing bandwidth and compute. The Theta Edge Compute beta automatically donates resources to Folding@Home, too. I get to do my good deed and get paid.

Cryptocurrencies allow us to rally around a shared metaverse and pay for the services required to support it without a single company owning all the resources. Instead of everybody paying AWS, anybody can run service nodes in their homes and recover some of the costs of the hardware required to interact with the metaverse.

AI and the Metaverse

One of the most important and overlooked aspects of the metaverse will be AI. There are so many use-cases.

Here are a few examples:

AI can be used to create, audit, and secure smart contracts, making them safer and easier to create and use. We have an immediate need for this, and the technology we need to do it exists.

making them safer and easier to create and use. We have an immediate need for this, and the technology we need to do it exists. Intelligent AI beings can wander the metaverse and interact with us and each other. Today, AI can generate photorealistic images and 3D models of human faces, generate text for conversation, convert that text to human-sounding speech, and animate 3D characters to make it look like they are speaking.

can wander the metaverse and interact with us and each other. Today, AI can generate photorealistic images and 3D models of human faces, generate text for conversation, convert that text to human-sounding speech, and animate 3D characters to make it look like they are speaking. AI can assist us in the creation of metaverse assets, artwork, and content.

of metaverse assets, artwork, and content. AI can improve the software and processes we use to build all of these things. In a few more years, AI will improve AI and lead to an explosion of intelligence and technology.

Eventually, AI may be able to generate complete virtual worlds in realtime as we explore. The lines may continue to blur between Graphic rendering technology and AI technology. AI could one day take some input, like “a lush jungle environment with a stream flowing from a waterfall” and turn it into a fully immersive 3D environment we can explore and interact with.

AI can even generate the description, today, due to enhanced creative and language skills. In case you’re skeptical about the conversational capabilities of AI, watch this video of me chatting with OpenAI’s GPT-3. GPT-3’s avatar is a virtual actor, animated by AI via Synthesia:

Hardware

The current state of the art in XR hardware is still Microsoft Hololens 2.

Thankfully, XR software has improved and become more ubiquitous. For example, if you have an Android device, some Google searches will turn up 3D items you can view in your living room by looking through the device camera.

Next Steps

If you want to learn how to contribute to the metaverse, we offer a crypto mentorship track at DevAnywhere.io. Mention when you apply that you want to learn how to build the metaverse. We’ll pair you with an experienced mentor and give you the opportunity to contribute to the standards and protocols that support the metaverse.
Kepler Immigration Project to Metaverse

In the long history of human development, there has never been a planet more suitable than Earth for human habitation up until the emergence of Kepler-22b, which ended the present-day understanding of habitable planets. Kepler will take the lead for everyone to open up a new habitable space belonging to human beings Journey to planet Kepler — a perfect home for all human beings.

It is a shared objective for all human beings to enhance their standards and transform their current living ecosystem; therefore, they want to make KEPLER a perfect planet more suitable for human habitation than the Earth. KEPLER encourages a new living environment for human evolution, where there is no contamination, no war, no bondage, no centralization, and no injustice.

KeplerSwap will create a real-life hyper-evolved version of the future world in Kepler through NFT cards, GameFi and other highly playable tools.

There are three phases in the Kepler Migration Metaverse Project, the pioneering stage, the building stage and the new civilization stage. First we will start the immigration program — pioneering period! At this stage, we will publish three kinds of NFT cards for people who immigrate to Kepler planet with three identities, such as Hero, Groundbreaker and Permanent Resident, as follows:

Acquisition conditions:

1. Qualified addresses need to get their own NFTs on KeplerSwap.

2. Each NFT has a unique number, it is randomly numbered in a blind box, the number of distribution is 51/101/10001 each for heroes, pioneers and permanent residents.

Acquisition threshold:

A. Hero

This NFT is distributed to Space owners who are ranked in the first 50 countries of the weight of staking (adding liquidity, number of people joining Space), please pay attention to the official announcement for the snapshot time

B. Pioneer

This NFT is distributed to the first 2 addresses in 50 countries to create Space, please pay attention to the official announcement for the snapshot time

C. Resident

This NFT is distributed to the first 10,000 addresses to join Space, please follow the official announcement for the snapshot time.

KeplerSwap will build a richer metaverse ecology through SPACE in Phase V2, and will also virtualize a complete and dynamic surreal world. What are you waiting for? Create your SPACE on Planet Kepler by clicking https://link.medium.com/vWc2PXtGklb now!


I will showc three undervalued crypto tokens that could be on the verge of making 100x moves in the next six months. Frederick Irwin Follow Nov 2, 2021 · 7 min read

Mark Zuckerberg recently stated that he doesn’t even want the company to be known as a social media company rather a Metaverse company with that being said, I think the Metaverse is going to be huge in…
No One Asked for the Metaverse

A small, unelected, unaccountable group of executives are the ones making sweeping decisions about how we use new technology

Photo by Erik Mclean from Pexels

In his recent article in The Atlantic, “The Metaverse is Bad,” Ian Bogost takes on a question that business and technology publications have so far mostly avoided — do we, as a society, actually want a…
Plutonians : The Real VR Metaverse MMORPG Powered By Solana VR Demo out now! Plutonians Dec 4, 2021·2 min read

INTRODUCING PLUTONIANS

Plutonians is the flagship metaverse game IP from the U.A.Fabrica gaming division with a capital ‘M’ for metaverse, Plutonians is a VR-Metaverse-Blockchain-driven-MMORPG-NFT-Ecosystem on Solana. It is foundational with user editable levels, content, and story, with the best content brought into the master narrative, and the most talented artists and developers brought into the fold to work on official expansions.

Using a combination of WebXR and Unreal Engine 5, players can

look forward to exploring the Plutonians universe across multiple screens including AR, VR, web and mobile, collecting valuable

NFT-backed in-game items and making trades in the various marketplaces and social spaces across the metaverse.

A hybrid mix of Escape Velocity, Homeworld, and real-time RPG games. Combining classic shooter action with strategy, in-game co-op, building, and collecting.


Plutonians is a MMORPG VR Space Game powered by Solana featuring an NFT Shipyard, Game Builder, Story Editor and a great introduction to DeFi and blockchain for new audiences!

Watch our socials and Plutonians.tech for more information.

To keep updated with the latest developments, connect with us on:

Website | Twitter | Telegram |Discord | VR Game Demo
CRYPTO 101 GUIDE

Top 10 Metaverse Projects

Metaverse that term it was coined by science fiction writer Neil Stephenson in his 1992 novel Snow Crash. If you’re a fan of Sci-Fi that probably rings a bell for you so that’s just a little bit of trivia right there.
A framework for the coming immersive reality

Preamble

The Metaverse is the next significant development in global communications.

The strangeness and novelty of this new digital capability is generating confusion. Ideas abound, unmoored from practice and practical reality. Well-intentioned but naive seekers are grasping for a conceptual foundation on which to base their work and place their bets. Entrenched players with specific agendas are attempting to favorably direct the conversation in an early bid for market dominance. All of this becomes amplified, removed from context, and repeated with increasing noise added to the original signal via social media.

Ultimately, none of this public discourse will matter. There will come a day when we look upon what we have accomplished, and know that we have done it. As of now, we do not know exactly what shape the Metaverse will take. That does not matter, either. What matters is that someday, a global network of spatially organized, predominantly 3D content will be available to all without restriction, for use in all human endeavors — a new and profoundly transformational medium, enabled by major innovations in hardware, human-computer interface, network infrastructure, creator tools and digital economies.

In the meantime, in order to avoid more confusion, and with the sole intent of keeping all eyes on the prize, that is, building a Metaverse intended for the greatest good for the greatest number, it appears that some clarification and guidance are needed.

Herein are seven Rules that frame the Metaverse, by which we may direct our ongoing work and against which we can evaluate progress.

Bear in mind while reading the Rules:

The Rules are axiomatic.

The Rules are hypotheses, distilled from decades of experience and insights from many practitioners.

The Rules are already generally embraced by many in principle. They may not be embraced by all. It doesn’t matter, for they describe an inevitability.

The Rules are not up for debate; history and practice will ultimately judge their validity.

A Metaverse that does not follow the Rules (follow here in the sense of cohere with i.e. logically, versus act in accordance with i.e. prescriptively) is not the Metaverse, but something else.

Humbly submitted, in service to the great work.

The Rules

Rule #1. There is only one Metaverse.

Rule #2: The Metaverse is for everyone.

Rule #3: Nobody controls the Metaverse.

Rule #4: The Metaverse is open.

Rule #5: The Metaverse is hardware-independent.

Rule #6: The Metaverse is a Network.

Rule #7: The Metaverse is the Internet.

Explanation of the Rules

Rule #1. There is only one Metaverse.

There is only one Metaverse. It is the sum total of all publicly accessible virtual worlds, real-time 3D content and related media that are connected on an open global network, controlled by none and accessible to all.

The term “a Metaverse” is not appropriate when referring to a place in the Metaverse. When referring to a place in the Metaverse, correct terms are “world,” “virtual world,” “space,” “environment,” “node,” “zone,” or a similar designation still to be determined and broadly accepted. Similarly, the word “Metaverses” is not appropriate when referring to multiple such places in the Metaverse.

If one refers to such a place as being “a Metaverse,” they are not describing the Metaverse. They are describing a game, a theme park, or a walled garden community that has many characteristics in common with the Metaverse, such as 3D spaces, places, and people. But none of these is “a Metaverse,” because there is only one Metaverse. The term “a Metaverse” in this context is meaningless. Likewise, the plural form “Metaverses” is meaningless in this sense; more so, it is an aberration.

The term “a Metaverse” is appropriate when used in the abstract, for example, when saying “a Metaverse controlled by [entity X] is not a Metaverse that I want to live in.” Likewise, the word “Metaverses” appropriate when used in the abstract, as in the statement: “In the near future, many people will claim to be building ‘Metaverses’, but they won’t be, for there is only one Metaverse.”

Reread the above substituting “Internet” or “Web” for “Metaverse,” and “site” for “world,” if further clarity is required.

Rule #2: The Metaverse is for everyone.

The Metaverse is for everyone, as defined by our most broad societal rules of inclusion. This is not a political or socioeconomic statement; it is an ethnographic one that has political and socioeconomic implications.

Systems in the Metaverse must accommodate a breadth of conceivable use cases and the user personas for which they are designed. Generally, this means any 2D or 3D experience delivered over the network infrastructure of the Metaverse, regardless of the intended use case. Examples of this principle are: a “virtual product” i.e. an interactive real-time 3D model depicting a physical good; an animated artwork; a game, as one would generally understand the term, with avatars, non-player characters, environments, objects, interaction mechanics, win states.

Virtual presence is not a precondition or defining characteristic. Users may or may not have an avatar in order to interact in the Metaverse. Not all use cases require presence, or embodiment. In fact, for some use cases this is a misfeature.

Virtual environments, while being a predominant type of experience in the Metaverse, are not a precondition or defining characteristic. Simple 3D objects, and in fact all media types, are incorporated; presentation style and information architecture are in service to the use case. If one were then to ask about 2D or non-spatialized content in the Metaverse, “how is this different from the Web?” one reply would be: “It is Web content, experienced in the Metaverse,” for the Metaverse subsumes the Web (see Rule #7).

While this is a very narrowly scoped qualifier, it bears emphasis because of a common confusion: the Metaverse is not just a video game, or even a network of video games. Granted, much of the production value, interaction mechanics, and economics in the Metaverse will be “game-like” or perceived as such by dint of being experienced in 3D. But most of the experiences in the Metaverse will not be games, nor will those experiencing them be “gamers” in the colloquial sense. There will be games in the Metaverse; but there will be many other types of experiences, too.

Because the Metaverse enables the broadest set of use cases, it must accommodate the motivations of its creators and consumers across business, society and academia. This has inherent economic implications, namely that for many uses it cannot be prohibitively expensive to create and distribute content and must provide easy, unfettered access for all visitors.

Rule #5 will further elaborate on accessibility and device-independence, in conjunction with this Rule.

Rule #3: Nobody controls the Metaverse.

Nobody controls the Metaverse. It is the universal commons for digital communication and commerce, intermediated as needs dictate, governed as required for the common interest, toward the greatest good for the greatest number.

Capital and attention, the twin coins of the realm, will doubtless drive much innovation and enterprise in the Metaverse. Both engines are voracious in their needs to consolidate and control, to create unfair advantage, and to maximize returns. These forces, while delivering heretofore unimaginable value in the digital age, have always been in dynamic tension with the needs of creators and consumers. Such tension will become even more pronounced in the Metaverse, as the world’s largest corporations vie for the biggest prize yet, and the overreach seen in the Internet era threatens to reach civilization-threatening scope (if it has not already).

Attempts to control the Metaverse by corporate entities are doomed to fail:

Any Metaverse controlled by a single entity will be inherently limited in scale, due to free market competition. Generally, consumers want the widest range of options and the best value (however defined).

Any Metaverse controlled by a single entity will be inherently limited in scale, due to its inability to offer a complete solution. If for no other reason than a practical one, no single company can offer every product and solve every need for every type of stakeholder. One company may be able to deliver a slice of commonly used functionality, such as search or discovery, which may over time expand to reach monopolistic influence, but that company will effectively control only that vertical slice.

A small number of destinations may become the big properties in the Metaverse — the film studios and entertainment conglomerate analogs in this new world — but as the last several decades have proven, such enterprises are extremely vulnerable to disruption from new media formats and distribution infrastructure.

Any self-proclaimed Metaverse controlled by a single entity will be rebuffed by a growing class of creators and consumers who have experienced the destructive effects of an Internet originally intended for all but eventually controlled by x-opolies. This wholesale rejection is already underway, as evidenced by creator economy communities and NFT marketplaces.

The forces of decentralization are in play and gathering power. Decentralized Finance (DeFi), decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs), Non-fungible tokens (NFTs) and other blockchain-based infrastructure have moved beyond experimentation and low return on investment to an early deployment phase. Web3 technology is already becoming an early foundation of the Metaverse and will play a critical role going forward. In particular, identity, privacy, payments and economies in the Metaverse will be shaped by these initiatives.

Some industry players may establish early advantage by exploiting economies of scale and offer loss-leader products, but any advantage will be temporary.

For the avoidance of doubt, this Rule refers to the entirety of the Metaverse, not specific realms within the Metaverse, control of which is entirely up to their stakeholders. Companies can, will and should control their own realms within the Metaverse. Individuals and groups can, will and should be free to create private or restricted access spaces under their own control. Experiences created for private use would be expected to be afforded the proper safeguards and protections, treated much like private spaces in the physical world.

The foregoing notwithstanding, the Metaverse will need intermediary technical service providers tied to oversight bodies, similar to Domain Name Service and ICANN. Further, the Web 2.0 era has demonstrated the dangers of leaving a vacuum in governance. One would expect the creators of the Metaverse to consider proper safeguards now — we should not wait too long and think we can fix things later, when it comes to something of such consequence in human affairs. It will be interesting to see how significant a role decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs) play in this new phase of the information age, and how legacy governmental and regulatory entities adapt to this rapidly changing order.

Attempts to control the Metaverse by government entities are another matter, and outside the scope of these Rules.

Rule #4: The Metaverse is open.

The Metaverse is open. It is built upon interoperable technologies and tools, connected via rigorously defined and broadly agreed-upon free and open communications standards.

Any communications medium of import is necessarily based on standards, from telephone, radio and television to the Web. You are reading these Rules now because you have a computer or mobile device connected to the Internet, running software that speaks the language of the Web. None of this would be possible without multiple standards defining media formats, wire protocols for their transfer, and agreed-upon presentation and interaction rules.

Open, interoperable technology provides the most assured way for the Metaverse to scale. Closed systems and proprietary technologies have inherent limits to scale, despite conferring short-term advantage. No single product or suite of products solves all problems; interoperable products allow for more flexible combinations that can address more needs. This is the technical analog to the scalability issues inherent in closed systems cited in Rule #3.

An open ecosystem of software and hardware offers greater choice to creators and consumers. Greater choice means more and more varied content, more success for creators, and more opportunity for tool and platform providers, enabling a virtuous cycle.

Ironically, any salient example of a monopoly in today’s Internet world is built on open standards. The largest social networks, search engines and consumer hardware companies have ridden the back of the Web to create proprietary advantage by delivering added value at the price of lock-in in some way or other, such as brand monopoly, closed ecosystems or network effects.

Proprietary products and solutions always move faster and compete more effectively than standards-based ones in the short term. Companies can offer their own capabilities and meet market needs with speed, whereas open solutions necessarily take time to achieve consensus and deploy at scale. This is a natural by-product of the standardization process, but it often leads to the notion that standards-based solutions are inferior. While this is sometimes true, it is largely not true in the long term, as standards eventually reach feature parity. However, this does not stop detractors and bad actors seeking proprietary advantage from trying to exploit the misconception.

It is not always ill intent that puts us on a path to market domination by a small few; sometimes it is simply convenience and consumer value that only large-scale platforms can provide. We hang on a knife edge in the Web 2.0/mobile computing era, having to continually choose between convenience and autonomy; there is a significant backlash against this in the emerging Metaverse. (See also Rule #3.)

Notwithstanding the obvious general benefits of open systems, today’s standards are likely not sufficient to support the infrastructure of the Metaverse. The current formats and protocols provide an excellent starting point, but further development is needed. Additionally, legacy software such as web browsers may be reaching a breaking point in terms of compatibility requirements and architecture. They have kept pace admirably over more than twenty years, but they were always designed for a 2D-first information universe, in a time before ubiquitous mobile devices and emergent spatial computing, and in a world of predominantly asynchronous online communication. It may finally be time to go back to the drawing board when it comes to concepts around browsers, user agents, object models, protocols, persistent state and so on.

Rule #5: The Metaverse is hardware-independent.

The Metaverse is hardware-independent, accessible on any device regardless of display type and form factor.

A defining characteristic of the Metaverse is spatially organized, predominantly real-time 3D content. For that content to be accessible to all, it must be able to be presented on the broadest range of hardware, including, within reason, the devices already in users’ possession.

While Metaverse content may be three-dimensional, display technology does not have to be. Experiences as prosaic as photorealistic 3D “virtual products” that can be rotated, zoomed, explored and configured before purchase, and as a fantastical as cartoon-rendered multiplayer game worlds, can be rendered beautifully at real-time frame rates on a 2D display attached to a modern computer or mobile device. This is the reality of today’s computing world, and every configuration from the phones in our pockets, to the latest fully powered personal computers, to room-scale display walls and projections, allows amazing creations to be delivered to consumers now without the need for a new type of display device.

Despite its obvious allure and the public’s fascination with virtual and augmented reality, immersion is not a precondition for the success of the Metaverse. Full immersion in our information and experiences is a long dreamed-of capability dating back to the original pioneering work in virtual reality. For some applications, the user experience of the Metaverse will doubtless be enhanced by immersive hardware devices, but these are by no means essential for its large-scale deployment and success in the near term.

Creating for specific form factors inherently limits scale. If the intent of content is for it to be experienced as widely as possible, then it should be designed and implemented to run on any device. Responsive design techniques pioneered for web and mobile web will have their analogs in the Metaverse, featuring content that can run on flat screen mobile devices, flat screen computer displays, display walls, immersive virtual reality headsets, mobile augmented reality, headworn augmented reality, holographic displays, and so on. Obviously, these experiences would not be identical across the different device types, but rather progressively enhanced to optimize the experience for that device. Some experiences will be designed as XR-first, with simple 2D fallbacks; others will be created as omni-channel content intended to run well across several types of hardware and form factors.

Accessibility is paramount. Content should be designed with accessibility in mind, making the foregoing aspects of this Rule even more critical. In addition to not relying on specific device types and user interface techniques, experiences should be designed flexibly to accommodate individuals with disabilities or impairments. The Metaverse is for everyone (see Rule #2).

Rule #6: The Metaverse is a Network.

The Metaverse is a computer network connecting the world’s publicly accessible virtual experiences, real-time 3D content and related media.

From a technical standpoint, the Metaverse is a network of computers delivering and presenting digital information. Its novel power is in the ability to present that information to its users in the form of 3D spaces, places, objects and characters, to facilitate communication for a wide range of uses.

The Metaverse is not a computer program, but rather multiple computer programs and processes exchanging information via network protocols.

The Metaverse is not a browser or other application or executable; rather, applications act as user agents (termed “clients,” “browsers,” “engines” and so forth) to provide access to the experiences in the Metaverse.

The Metaverse is not a specific experience, game or online destination; those are places (or “worlds,” “spaces” or a similar term) within the Metaverse. There will doubtless be very popular destinations in the Metaverse; these could easily be confused with the Metaverse, but they are not the Metaverse, which is one and only (see Rule #1).

The Metaverse is not a specific onramp or access point. There will be portals, search engines, directories and other such services that help users locate places and navigate the Metaverse — but these are maps for the Metaverse, not the Metaverse itself.

All of the above are implemented in a way that is commonly accepted across software systems powering the Metaverse, i.e. not tied to a specific product or implementation, adhering to media formats and communications protocols established through open processes, and presented in a consistent manner (see Rule #4).

From a functionality standpoint, the Metaverse is a network that connects everyone and offers them the following capabilities:

To access, peruse or otherwise experience content, without undue friction;

To establish one or more identities that represent the self (required for some experiences, but not all), and to create one or more embodiments to represent the self (avatars);

To communicate asynchronously or in real-time by a variety of methods, including text, voice, and gestures;

To create and publish, without undue friction, 3D, spatial and related content and experiences in a variety of forms using a range of digital media types;

To affect our surrounding virtual environment, as appropriate, given sufficient permissions by the owner;

To engage in business and commerce, with as broad a set of choices as possible for access, personal identity, social connection, data storage, content creation, content distribution, and payments.

The Metaverse requires no functional description beyond the above general capabilities; any attempt to do so is unnecessarily reductive. Only the future will tell us what the prevailing modes of creative expression and compelling use cases are in the Metaverse.

Rule #7: The Metaverse is the Internet.

The Metaverse is the Internet, enhanced and upgraded to consistently deliver 3D content, spatially organized information and experiences, and real-time synchronous communication.

The Internet is the global communications infrastructure that connects all of us. It is the foundation of an increasing percentage of our daily lives, including social interaction, work, play, learning and commerce. It is, in every way, the digital commons. This will not change with the coming of the Metaverse; the Internet will merely adapt, expand and offer new information services — as it has always done — to encompass what we are envisioning as the Metaverse.

Conversely, the Internet is not the Metaverse, at least not yet. The Internet of today is inching its way toward greater capabilities, and will form the basis of the Metaverse of tomorrow. In many ways, it is already a prototypical form of the Metaverse, playing host to years of ongoing innovation and experimentation in delivering real-time 3D content, rich media, and virtual worlds. But more work needs to be done.

Beyond technical definitions, the Internet embodies an approach: an open, collaborative and consensus-driven way to develop technologies and tools. Protocols, file formats and creation software have co-evolved over the course of decades, expanding to include those of the World Wide Web and various other services. Governing bodies define rigorous standards, but much work also happens through exemplar implementations, intellectual property contributions and collaborative open source projects, all in an interplay that continually upgrades the fabric of our communications infrastructure.

Some have suggested that because the requirements of networked, real-time 3D virtual worlds are so unique and intensive, some new kind of network must be designed for the Metaverse. This is not only largely untrue, but it is naive and a practical non-starter.

In terms of feasibility, we have scores of existence proofs of commercially successful Internet protocol-based 3D games and multiplayer experiences, the most performance- and resource-intensive of applications. We also have decades of working Internet media types that support the dynamic delivery of 3D content, and recently developed formats such as glTF and USDZ are now being used to power experiences for hundreds of millions of Internet users. The WebGL and WebXR APIs for browsers have demonstrated that user agents can support feature-rich 3D rendering and immersive capabilities with high performance, though performance limits are definitely being tested. Suggestions to aggressively remake the Internet or to create a whole new network are coming from persons with little technical knowledge, complete ignorance of what already exists, and/or inexperience in the evolving and resilient nature of the Internet — or from knowledgable actors with a specific agenda.

There are cogent arguments to be made for revisiting many aspects of Internet and Web design on the way to the Metaverse. However, the notion of a wholesale redesign is ludicrous. There is too much invested the current infrastructure, and too high switching costs inherent in such a change, that it will simply never happen. Where possible, legacy Internet and Web services will be subsumed into new paradigms, and novel methods of user access, content distribution, visual presentation, real-time communication and interaction developed as needed.

Fortunately, the Internet is nonpareil in its ability to adapt. Flexibility was inherent in the initial designs, and it remains a cornerstone. Far more likely than a rewrite is a series of evolutionary advancements here and there, punctuated by an occasional revolutionary leap via the introduction of an entirely new capability. Along the way, much though perhaps not all legacy Internet and Web content will be preserved, though likely presented in different forms.

There are some obvious candidates for full upgrades, new approaches or completely new efforts. The Document Object Model and Cascading Style Sheets were designed for a 2D information world; 3D is confined to a rectangle within that page layout, with bolt-on support for fullscreen rendering and stereoscopy. The organizing principle of the Metaverse, however, will be the scene, environment or some such 3D construct. After all, the Metaverse is not about documents— it is about shared 3D spaces and content, and real-time communication. Immersive interaction such as head tracking, haptic inputs and real-world environment awareness are enabled through clumsy designs grafted onto legacy 2D models; a laudable effort to date but hardly ideal. Shared and/or persistent object state is another area for investigation. Multiplayer game worlds have long solved for this, though in bespoke ways. In the past, interoperable solutions have been few and far between; however by now there may be enough overlap in design patterns and practical knowledge, and a collective willingness, to keep trying.

Stakeholder need will drive innovation. The current Web3 movement toward decentralization, for example, is an important step toward putting power back in the hands of consumers and producers, for distribution, payments and identity verification. This will have implications on how and where some information is maintained in the Metaverse. On the other hand, this in no way implies that we should favor decentralization in all layers, such as in data storage or network topology; approaches should be judged on their own merits with respect to features, performance, privacy and security.

While there are many compelling reasons to consider revisions and upgrades, we already have the starting point and many of the building blocks for the Metaverse. The Metaverse is the Internet, and the Internet the foundation upon which the Metaverse will be built.

Afterword

Much of the foregoing should not have needed to be said; and yet, it had to.

People ecstatic about the potential of a Metaverse are getting caught up in the excitement. While the enthusiasm is infectious, and this should rightly be a time of joy — we are, after all, on the cusp of something truly transformative — a tempering of expectations and lowering of temperatures is advisable. There is a lot to do in the years ahead. And while many of us are doing our best to work toward a shared vision and understanding, others are only in it for themselves. Therefore, caution is also in order: don’t believe everything you hear.

At the same time, this doesn’t have to be as hard as it seems. We are standing on the shoulders of giants, building on the work of so many who have come before. There is a wealth of collective experience, and already many working components. Let’s not reinvent wheels unless absolutely necessary. And let’s not mistake the accidents of today’s implementations for the essence of their underlying value: although many foundational pieces are nascent, broken, or improperly wired up, many of the core ideas are sound. Also to our advantage, we have a plastic playground in the Internet, and a global community of collaborators to bring on the journey with us.

In essence, this is what the seven Rules are saying. The Metaverse is tantalizingly close, possibly within the next few years — that is, if we don’t overcomplicate things and make it take longer. The Metaverse is the next evolution of the Internet; nothing more, and nothing less. Keep it simple, stay focused on the goal, and the Metaverse of our dreams will become reality.
Silicon Valley denizens are making the rounds bloviating on their ideas about the ‘metaverse’ which basically are nonsense vehicles for selling more eyeballs.

No actual human wants to do this

Life is suffering and people want an escape from reality, somewhere to find solace and happiness.

No one finds solace in a business meeting.

The truth is the metaverse already exists in various places and people are living virtual lives there, without the help of the Silicon Valley echo chamber.

How do I know? Because I’ve been in a sliver of it for over 10 years, part of a huge virtual community.

In meatspace, I’m a bog standard corporate tech exec. I get my fill of meetings.

Why the fuck would I want to go into VR meeting room in an avatar that looks like me and talk about bullshit when I can be an immortal pilot flying a world killing spaceship, part of a group of like minded individuals settling a grudge against another group who wronged us in the past.

In the metaverse, I lead a global group of thousands of individuals that can be spurred into action by a single Slack or Discord message.

Space war is much more fun than a virtual shopping mall

Our IT stack is larger and more resilient than most companies on earth. We have divisions for HR, military, finance, infrastructure, technology and more that coordinate 24/7/365 on short and long term objectives.

We have logos, mascots, slogans, salutes, and even a mission statement.

Living in the world of EVE Online, a simulation video game about spaceships and solar systems, we are only one of many other groups that have similar capabilities.

We have diplomatic deals more complex than pre-WW I Europe, hurl thousands of players at each other in wars that go on for years, and run an entire free market economy based on virtual construction of in-game resources.

We get to be a whole other person, as disconnected as we want from the banality of our meatspace reality as we want. To think that people want their virtual life to replicate what is ‘real’ is to miss the entire appeal of the metaverse.

It’s not all fantasy though. The interpersonal relationships we have are strong and enduring. We hold vigils when people die in real life, larger than most funerals. We have organized support groups for mental health and other issues.

People want the un-reality of the metaverse

Let’s be honest, despite all their well-rehearsed and focus group tested talking points, the Silicon Valley/VC world is solely about making money.

They can only envision a metaverse that they can relentlessly monetize and control to maintain optimal growth KPIs to appease the board of directors and Wall Street.

They give no fucks about the long haul truck driver logging in after a long day to become a military commander. They give no fucks about the queer young person stuck in a rural area that can live their truth online much more than they can in their hometown. They give no fucks about the person with untreatable terminal cancer that becomes the respected fleet commander with hundreds acting on their words, in complete control of this part of their life.

These metaverse communities exist all over the universe, many in video gaming, but popping up elsewhere. They aren’t easy for tech giants to make money on because the allure of the metaverse is the freedom and opportunity that technology platforms are designed to control.

There are global communities everywhere that are creating their own version of the metaverse based on a variety of technologies. Discord was intended to be a chat tool for video gamers but has been pressed into service as the defacto standard community for artists using NFTs with their creations.

These key aspects of people wanting to associate in common interests and enjoy a metaverse not bound by real world constraints are antithetical to the Silicon Valley goals of monetization, DAUs, and algorithms driving engagement.

The proponents of this ‘corpoverse’ can’t imagine a world not driven purely by the tools they already have. When all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. All they have are algorithms to try to force new interactions on people. Unfortunately, that’s not what builds communities and communities are the core of the metaverse that already exists.

Despite all the slick marketing, there is no heart & soul in the kind of metaverse Silicon Valley is advocating. It’s a cold and calculated effort to create and control the communities of the future. It has nothing to do with people and giving them a way to find some joy in life.

People want escape from the constraints of the real world and all the ‘corpoverse’ offers is rules and control.

In the words of Chuck D, “Don’t believe the hype.”
Explorers of the Metaverse, Join Us on an Adventure into Continuum World!

Hello, Seedify Community!

Today, we are thrilled to share more information about Continuum World and their IGO which is coming up on the Seedify Launchpad on October 1, 2021.

Continuum World

In a faraway metaverse, there is a land from childhood fantasies, an idyllic world with floating islands in the sky and earth-like attributes. Players will be able to escape to this world and build, explore, compete, socialize, and collect and earn from the abundant resources of the land. Welcome to Continuum World!

Continuum World is a free-to-play, play-to-earn game combining MMO (Massively Multiplayer Online) and farming. It is designed not to require any knowledge about blockchain to start playing and enjoying the fun, immersive game experience.

Game Play

As a new colony of UMi (the characters in the game) is getting established in a new world, the objective of the game is to survive and build a thriving civilization through exploring the wonders of Continuum and collecting the resources from the land.

Each player will have their own UMi avatar in the game. The more active they are and the better they explore, the more resources they will gather. In return, the more they will earn. There will also be an option to level up your UMi with custom attributes and tools and sell it on the marketplace.

Players will be able to own a part of this exciting new world by purchasing a piece of land. To maximize the earning potential of their land, players will be able to add buildings and resources to level up. Since energy is needed to explore, solar panels or power-generating windmills will be available to add along with vegetable and fish farms to feed the UMi.

You will be able to sell or trade your resources with other players in exchange for $UM, Continuum World’s native currency.

During the time spent exploring, players will be able to capture the native animals (fauna) from the land, which they can use to compete in races with other players.

Continuum World will include a social aspect. Players will be able to chat, trade and collaborate on their lands with other players to achieve common goals.

NFTs

Lands are NFT tokens using the ERC-721 standard. There will be a fixed amount of Land supply, making this a rare in-game asset. The lands come in different sizes and with varying attributes, which affect the potential income from farming as well as the price of the land.

Other NFT items in the game include; UMi (your avatar), plantations, fish farms and power generators, which can all be implemented to increase yield.

UMis Models — The game avatars

$UM is Continuum World’s in-game currency and is the life-blood of the game’s robust economic system.

The $UM token will be used by players to customize their avatars and to buy land, special tools, materials and structures. Further uses will be upgrading NFT assets, gaining access to content and participating in specialty challenges and staking. $UM will also be the medium of exchange on the Continuum World Marketplace.

The $UM Token

Since $UM is also a governance token, holders will have the opportunity to influence the future roadmap and game development of Continuum World by participating in the future DAO.


In summary: Blockchain game projects can realize the initial offerings of their tokens on the Seedify platform. This enables blockchain game project owners to enjoy the advantages of the Seedify platform, while investors are able to access and invest in projects without any middleman.

First of all, you need to complete your KYC (Know Your Customer) process. Here, you can find a comprehensive guide for each and every step of the KYC verification process. After completing your KYC, follow this link.

About Seedify

Seedify is a blockchain gaming-focused incubator and launchpad ecosystem, empowering innovators and project developers through access to funding, community and partnership building and a full support system to help drive the future of gaming and blockchain.

To learn more, please visit the links below:
Market Map of the Metaverse

In my article on the value-chain of the metaverse, I described the seven layers of the ecosystem. In this article I’m going to focus-in on three of the most important metaverse companies — Unity, Epic Games and Roblox — and describe the commonalities and differences.

Let’s start with where companies (and some open source projects) sit within the market (version 6 .1 — updated November 24, 2021):

Brief recap of what each of these layers represent:

Experience is what we actually engage with: games, social experiences, live music, etc.

is what we actually engage with: games, social experiences, live music, etc. Discovery is how people learn that an experience exists.

is how people learn that an experience exists. The Creator Economy is everything that helps creators make and monetize things for the metaverse: design tools, animation systems, graphics tools, monetization technologies, etc. Read The Evolution of the Creator Economy for more insights on how these markets evolve.

is everything that helps creators make and monetize things for the metaverse: design tools, animation systems, graphics tools, monetization technologies, etc. Read The Evolution of the Creator Economy for more insights on how these markets evolve. Spatial Computing refers to the software that brings objects into 3D, computing into objects in the world, and allow us to interact with them. It includes 3D engines, gesture recognition, spatial mapping, and AI to support it.

refers to the software that brings objects into 3D, computing into objects in the world, and allow us to interact with them. It includes 3D engines, gesture recognition, spatial mapping, and AI to support it. Decentralization is everything that is moving more of the ecosystem to a permissionless, distributed and more democratized structure.

is everything that is moving more of the ecosystem to a permissionless, distributed and more democratized structure. Human Interface refers to the hardware that helps us access the metaverse — everything from mobile devices to VR headsets to future technologies like advanced haptics and smartglasses.

refers to the hardware that helps us access the metaverse — everything from mobile devices to VR headsets to future technologies like advanced haptics and smartglasses. Infrastructure is the semiconductors, material science, cloud computing and telecommunications networks that make it possible to construct any of the higher layers.

For the purpose of clarity, I had to make some judgments about where to place certain companies and products: there are smaller or “hobby” scale projects across virtually all of the categories, and I didn’t attempt to recognize absolutely everything — but I think this is where most of the significant companies are located. For very large companies, I recognized that they have sub-brands that could be recognized in multiple categories. If you think I missed anything, I’d be happy to hear your input for a future update!

Now, back to the three large platforms that we’ll be differentiating: Unity, Epic Games and Roblox. It is important to realize that each of these companies has gotten so large that it has significant efforts across multiple layers of the metaverse onion.

Unity

The core of Unity is their 3D development platform, a fully-integrated 3D engine and design studio for game developers, AR/VR/XR and metaverse experiences. It supports a large ecosystem of plug-ins and assets available through their Asset Store.

Unity generates a substantial portion of its revenue through the Unity Ads network — one of the big-three video ad networks along with Facebook and Google.

Epic Games

Epic just raised another $1B in private capital and the list of categories they exist in is impressive:

Roblox

Roblox is often the most misunderstood of these three companies because they are sometimes called a “game.” But Roblox itself is not a game; it is a platform containing a multitude of games.

Roblox does not make games of their own — like Unity, they’re leaving that entirely to their creators. But like Epic, they’ve used the platform as a place for online live concerts, such as Lil Nas X’s concert that reached an astounding 33 million people on Roblox. The Roblox business model is to split revenue between their creators and themselves.

The discovery-layer of Roblox is essentially a “YouTube for Games” where you can discover what other creators have made. Imagine everything that YouTube does for videos — and then think of how the curation, discovery, social structure and ratings apply to a vast network of games. Roblox has an advertising platform that can be used to promote games in this ecosystem, although they receive a relatively small portion of their revenue from this compared to the concerted effort at Unity to create a competitive ad network.

Roblox has their own proprietary 3D engine which is integrated with their design platform as well as a marketplace that creators use to share assets and code with each other.

Three Companies and Three Big Differences

The similarity between these companies is that each provides a way for creators to make experiences and games for the metaverse. How they monetize and enable creators varies substantially.

One of the big distinctions is sources of revenue: Unity gets an enormous amount of revenue from their ad network, which surpasses the license revenue they receive for their development platform. Epic gets massive revenue from their own games, such as Fortnite — and also collects a revenue share from other products that build on their engine; and Roblox gets most of their revenue from sales of Robux, which they split with their creators.

Both Epic and Roblox have a significant social ecosystem that wraps-around their stores and experiences. Unity has left the social and gameplay experiences to their own customers.

Each company has enormous value to mine from the metaverse over the next several years. How they build beyond that will depend on how they continue to build upon the successes of their products, expand into adjacent domains, and continue to support the creator economy.

Note: to see how Facebook/Meta fits into this same model, read Facebook as a Metaverse Company. And to see how Apple, Facebook/Meta and Microsoft compare to each other in, read Clash of the Metaverse Titans.

Are you a creator in any of these platforms? Why? What do you love, and what worries you? Let me know in the comments below!

Further Reading

If you enjoyed this coverage of the market structure of the metaverse, I think you’ll enjoy flipping through these slides:

After you’ve enjoyed that, please enjoy a couple other articles. Here are two favorites:
After in-depth discussions with our own developers, blockchain subject matter experts and our community, we decided to use POLYGON…
