NFT-QR App aims to be the QR CODE 2.0; Fight against identity theft 🕵️‍♀️ of Street artists. In a simple snap our A.I. will use image recognition 🔎 geolocation and computer vision to match the user’s image to the blockchain-based digital counterpartNext generation of QR Code based on blockchain powering by NFTToday we’re excited to announce the launch of NFT-QR Airdrop with 25 ,000,000,000,000,000 NFTQR Tokens! An Airdrop is a well-known way for users to take part in the growing community by completing few simple steps.Our Airdrop is done via our Telegram bot , therefore users can be sure that the action form be user-friendly, and we can efficiently check that the participants actually completed the actions. You just need to take part via this link . Please note that tokens will be sent after the end of the airdrop campaign. Also, make sure that you’ve correctly entered your BSC wallet, join telegram group and channel and follow us on twitter. You must ensure you have Telegram, Twitter and Medium(optional) accounts.Only one account per user! All duplicates and suspiciously similar accounts will be deleted.
It is time.Bit Hotel is releasing our Founder Sale and we’re dropping some of the most scarce and good-looking NFTs to get things started.Up to Legendary Rarity Hotel Guests will go on sale at in October and can be whitelisted for today! Follow our socials to be the first to hear when the drop is launched and get notified if you got whitelisted. Do note that we cannot share a specific date until right before the drop in order to prevent malicious botters to snatch more than they should. We’ll make sure to prevent these sneaky bots from entering the drop as best we can using anti-bot measures.This is your first chance to buy NFTs which will play a critical role in the Bit Hotel metaverse. All NFTs have a capped supply and will never be available again!Buy early to take advantage of our early INO prices, have a slightly higher chance of snatching low serial numbers, and earning lucrative in-game rewards.Make sure to add the Binance Smartchain to your metamask prior to entering the sale or whitelisting! Hotel Guests (Full details here)Janitor Jim: Picolo Bimbo: Lady McBitmain: Wally Bets: When Lamboy: Moon Moon: Mister Anonymous: Shibasketballer: Ms Kitty: Elon Dusk: Mr. Diamondhands: Crypto Punkhead: The Dogefather: Legendary Rarity Hotel Guests: Join more than 10,000 (!) other Hotel Guests who have joined our community:

