NFT-QR App aims to be the QR CODE 2.0; Fight against identity theft 🕵️‍♀️ of Street artists. In a simple snap our A.I. will use image recognition 🔎 geolocation and computer vision to match the user’s image to the blockchain-based digital counterpartNext generation of QR Code based on blockchain powering by NFTToday we’re excited to announce the launch of NFT-QR Airdrop with 25 ,000,000,000,000,000 NFTQR Tokens! An Airdrop is a well-known way for users to take part in the growing community by completing few simple steps.Our Airdrop is done via our Telegram bot , therefore users can be sure that the action form be user-friendly, and we can efficiently check that the participants actually completed the actions. You just need to take part via this link . Please note that tokens will be sent after the end of the airdrop campaign. Also, make sure that you’ve correctly entered your BSC wallet, join telegram group and channel and follow us on twitter. You must ensure you have Telegram, Twitter and Medium(optional) accounts.Only one account per user! All duplicates and suspiciously similar accounts will be deleted.Step 1: Follow our Telegram channel.Step 2: Join our Telegram groupStep 3: Follow us on TwitterStep 4: Submit your Twitter and BSC Wallet.Step 5: Follow us on Medium (optional)Step 6: Be active and interactive with our social links, invite your friends to join.Also, you can increase your airdrop rewards by referring more and more friends to participate in our airdrop campaign.If you have any questions, feel free to contact us in our telegram chat.
It is time.Bit Hotel is releasing our Founder Sale and we’re dropping some of the most scarce and good-looking NFTs to get things started.Up to Legendary Rarity Hotel Guests will go on sale at in October and can be whitelisted for today! Follow our socials to be the first to hear when the drop is launched and get notified if you got whitelisted. Do note that we cannot share a specific date until right before the drop in order to prevent malicious botters to snatch more than they should. We’ll make sure to prevent these sneaky bots from entering the drop as best we can using anti-bot measures.This is your first chance to buy NFTs which will play a critical role in the Bit Hotel metaverse. All NFTs have a capped supply and will never be available again!Buy early to take advantage of our early INO prices, have a slightly higher chance of snatching low serial numbers, and earning lucrative in-game rewards.Make sure to add the Binance Smartchain to your metamask prior to entering the sale or whitelisting! Hotel Guests (Full details here)Janitor Jim: Picolo Bimbo: Lady McBitmain: Wally Bets: When Lamboy: Moon Moon: Mister Anonymous: Shibasketballer: Ms Kitty: Elon Dusk: Mr. Diamondhands: Crypto Punkhead: The Dogefather: Legendary Rarity Hotel Guests: Join more than 10,000 (!) other Hotel Guests who have joined our community:
The Mist team will be releasing information about the game and platform little by little. Before reading, feel free to check out the Mist video trailer and join us on Twitter: Mist is a blockchain-based action RPG game centered around NFTs, Staking, and Farming. Built with Unity using the in-house Mist NFT Game Framework (MNGF), the project offers players an immersive in-game environment with five playable character classes and countless spells, abilities, and environments. In-game NFTs are obtained via rare monster drops and in-game events. The NFTs in Mist are not like the typical “collectible card” NFTs so common in crypto today. Instead, they are usable and functional NFTs that can be inserted into the Mist Game Framework and become special in-game items.These NFTs can be bought or sold both in the in-game exchanges (auction houses) or in 3rd party NFT exchanges outside the game world. Players can stake the in-game currency (the MIST native token) by purchasing or investing in in-game businesses, such as taverns, general stores, and more. By “staking” this way, players earn rewards. Players can also farm by “purchasing” farmland, farms, or livestock. As your farms work, you receive rewards
Hello everybody!Today we would like to announce the first Ideathon of Seedify.fund. Without commencing on the article further, let’s understand what an ideathon is.Inspired by the concept “hackathon”, it is an event for creating innovative ideas and solutions, simply put, where great ideas compete on a certain topic, while rewarding the best ideas.At Seedify.fund our aim is to foster blockchain-based innovations in many areas, supporting them with a seed funding mechanism, decentralized incubator and launchpad, so new innovations can get the funds, professional support environment, and community awareness & marketing they need, so they can become successful projects, bringing adoption to blockchain industry. In this first Seedify.fund Ideathon we want innovators, gamers, and NFT enthusiasts to generate their ideas for: The Ideathon on NFT-Gaming will start on the 15th of May and will last for 2 weeks, and until then we will market and promote this event so we can bring a lot more innovators who can compete with their ideas on this fun and interesting topic.More information will be published prior to the start of the Ideathon.During the event each project will be able to put their ideas on blockchain and get voted directly on blockchain.As Seedify.fund we believe NFT based games will be a major adoption enhancer for blockchain ecosystem, and innovators will be able to use our seed funding mechanism, incubator and Launchpad, if their ideas get the community votes, and prove to be great concepts.While the ideathon itself will have prizes in SFUNDs, with a pool of 50000 SFUND tokens.Out of this pool:The most voted idea will get : 25000 SFUNDsThe second best will get: 12500 SFUNDs3rd will get: 7500 SFUNDs , 4th and 5th will get: 2500 SFUNDsSFUND price: the 1st prize winner will automatically be eligible for Seedify.fund seed funding, which is 75.000$ funding in exchange for 3% of the future tokens. As well as entry to our incubator to make their idea more robust through professional mentorship and support, as well as automatic entry to Seedify.fund Launchpad for IDO.For reference on Seedify.fund’s innovation hub:  winners will need to reach a 10% quorum, meaning 10% of the circulating SFUNDs will need to cast their votes on the idea, and the winners will be selected according to how much yes votes they get.Decentralized Voting:Voting will be done through snapshot.page, through snapshot.page all votes will be gasless, so community members who hold SFUND can cast their votes without paying any gas fees. Each SFUND holding will have 1 vote, so those who have more SFUNDs will have more voting power in the ideathon event.Support after the competition:As Seedify.fund we will welcome each project to also put their ideas for voting on the Seedify.fund seed funding mechanism, incubator and launchpad.The winner will be automatically eligible, while the other ideas on the ideathon will need to apply for decentralized voting for the community to choose them. During this process they will be able to also get community feedback, and make their ideas & concepts more robust before applying.For announcements and further info on the Seedify.fund NFT-Gaming Ideathon:More info on Seedify.fund NFT-Gaming Ideathon will be published in the upcoming days. While this 2 week period is for innovators and gamers to get ready with their ideas & concepts, we will share more information on our channels, as well as market this event through many different strategies.Seedify.fund Socials for updates on Ideathon, and news:
As part of our MultiNFT.io expansion strategy, we are launching our first NFT membership collection where Holders of these first NFT collections will be receiving a series of benefits, as explained in a post shared on the official MultiNFT Twitter page.MultiNFT.io is a group of companies that have been operating in various areas of NFT & Blockchain industry since March 2018. This presale launch coincides with the recent NFT buzz that has revolutionized the crypto and metaverse ecosystem, as the phenomenon use case keeps gaining more traction and adoption.This NFT launch is nostalgic in the same fashion as our old membership with Enjin back in 2018. However, this new launch features a collection of 10,000 unique characters –created from over 150 traits, custom-generated ERC 721 NFT through which holders will be granted exclusive benefits.
What is NFT?NFT stands for “Non-fungible token”, which is a unique token that cannot be replaced by another NFT. NFTs typically represent some sort of digital asset, or tokenized asset from the real world.The early days of NFT associated with the name CryptoKitties caused a stir in the market when it clogged the Ethereum network at the end of 2017. Now after more than 3 years of growth, the NFT ecosystem has gradually improved with many diverse pieces.NFT fever in 2021The NFT sector has seen exponential growth, tripling the number of transactions since the beginning of 2021, and this trend has not abated even during major market pullbacks. in May.According to a report by market tracker DappRadar, the average number of NFT transactions has increased by nearly 300%, from 21,815 per day in January, to 82,373 in May (as of May 28). This number spiked even higher when the prices of cryptocurrencies began to plummet on May 12, with sales increasing to nearly 94,000 NFT transactions per day.Data from Canada-based market analysis firm Non-Fungible shows that the total NFT market capitalization in 2020 will reach $338 million. Mason Nystrom, an expert of Messari, predicts this number by 2021 could reach more than $1.3 billion.According to Nystrom, the art industry has gradually recognized the value of NFTs. Sales for the industry’s NFT art sales grew $120 million from inception to December 2020. He also highlighted the potential in the collectibles and games categories, and believes that the critical infrastructure that supports NFT will launch in 2021.Several celebrities have also attempted to jump on the NFT bandwagon, with Lindsay Lohan selling a Daft Punk-themed NFT for $15,000. It also attracts the attention of large corporations, most notably the NBA. By partnering with CryptoKitties developer Dapper Labs to release NFT collectibles as NBA Top Shot “moments”.Statistics in February, more than 34,000 people traded basketball cards on Top Shot’s secondary market every day, generating transactions worth more than $46.7 million.Growth despite market volatilityThe drop in Bitcoin price led to widespread panic with nearly 1 million leveraged transactions being liquidated, leading to severe network congestion and skyrocketing transaction fees on the Ethereum network.However, skyrocketing transaction fees did not stop NFT transactions. Instead, many have turned to other blockchain-powered marketplaces.The NFT market still has the problem that the number of transactions has increased but the value per transaction has started to decrease due to the influence of the general situation of the correction of the whole market. During the first 11 days of May, nearly 15 million USD were traded daily. However, soon after, the volume dropped rapidly to less than 6 million USD per day.Even so, the field still attracts the attention of more and more big names such as Outlier Ventures, Digital Finance Group, Morningstar, Blockhype, Spark Digital Capital, CEO of mobile developer Altitude Games Gabby Dizon and Polygon (Matic) co-founder, Sandeep Nailwal.Especially with the launch of Binance’s NFT Marketplace in June, NFT will still maintain the heat in the near future, not just a trend that soon blooms and fades.Role of NFT in DeFiFarmsDeFiFarms is one of the yield farms with NFTs protocol that automatically buys back, mines and creates automatic liquidity, this is also an AMM decentralized exchange running on the Binance Smart Chain platform.DeFiFarms not only possesses many outstanding advantages over Centralized Exchanges, but also has the potential to bring more attractive profits than current Decentralized Exchanges and Yield Farming platforms.
According to an announcement by the Davies-Carr family, the world-famous 883 million views YouTube video “Charlie Bit My Finger” will be taken down after it was auctioned as an NFT for $760,999 last Sunday, May 23. Gamestop has announced that it will be releasing its own NFT platform, and shortly afterwards, their stocks bounced up to the $200 mark for the first time in months. World renowned soccer team Manchester City has released their NFT collection titled the ‘1’ collection to commemorate their title-winning campaign. Manchester City is the first Premier League Champion to release an NFT collection. In the past 7 days (May 19th — May 26th), the top 7 NFT sales amounted to a total of $3,215.72M.Mona Money Matrix takes the lead at $3.02M, and CryptoPunk NFTs make an appearance four times in the list. The past 7 days (May 19th — May 26th), the top 5 projects amounted to a total of $12,225,167.93 million in sales volume and about 15,158 sales.CryptoPunk takes the lead in volume at $6.21 million and Sorare in sales with 13,560 sales.
UniArts, Uniqueness United UniArts is a multi-network NFT ecosystem with substrate developed main-net as well as EVMs based smart contracts for NFT infrastructures, it also provides crowd voting incentives, DAO curation and art grant to help better achieve democratization of art.With UniArts, artists can create NFTs with their works, and UARTs token holders can stake their tokens to vote for these NFTs. UniArts’ consensus mechanism mints part of the block’s reward to the NFT for making it a composite asset of both fungible and non-fungible tokens. It allocates the rest of the block reward to the token holders who placed the votes. As a result, NFT artworks attached to extra tokens provide more incentive for collectors to purchase them. Based on this fact, owners may choose to lock their NFTs to their address, sacrificing their liquidity as a trade-off to ownership maintenance. The block of UniArts mainnet is generated by a random validator every 6 seconds. Initially, there will be 21 validators in total and will be open for registration before the mainnet launches. UniArts’ mainnet will first launch in POA state; after token release, the number of validators may gradually increase. If there are 21 working validators, the network will be open for a vote using an NPoS mechanism. When the vote passes, UniArts will transfer into NPoS consensus. UniArts’ consensus utilizes NPoS that is driven by NFT creation and appreciation. UniArts’ NPoS mechanism requires creators to mint NFTs with their works and bind their address with a running node to become the validator candidate. Holders of UART tokens can nominate preferred NFT validators and earn additional UART in the process. UniArts’ NPoS mints a portion of the block reward into NFTs, which bind validators and creators. NFT owners may choose to pin the NFT on their address to retrieve UARTs. Nominators vote for NFTs instead of nodes to gain staking rewards.
Are you new to NFTs? Don’t have any idea how to buy one? What is minting? What is an allowlist?MADworld explains the how-to for everything NFT! NFT stands for a non-fungible token, which means that hidden in these quirky pieces of art and digital items, there is a totally unique and non-interchangeable unit of data stored on a digital ledger that uses blockchain technology to establish proof of ownership. NFTs are collectible digital assets that hold value, just like how physical art holds value, so do NFTs.Please note: For any NFT project, it is very important to Do Your Own Research (DYOR) to ensure you understand the process and relevant platforms and mechanisms. An allow is essentially a method of pre-registering for an NFT drop to gain access to purchasing. Many allowlists will require specific information, sometimes requiring your social handles and most importantly your wallet ID/ address (most commonly, and ERC 20 address). Minting an NFT is how your digital art becomes a part of the blockchain — a public ledger that is unchangeable and tamper-proof. Similar to how a real-life coin is minted, it is the process of the token is put into circulation. It is the building block to how your token gets digitally tracked as it is resold and collected in the future. Simple, just follow these steps, (please ensure you have DYOR): Gas fees are payments made by users to compensate for the computing energy required to process and validate transactions on the relevant chain that the NFT is located on. For MADworld’s MADminds, ETH will be the token utilized. Therefore ETH will be required for purchasing and gas fees. So now that you have received airdropped ERC-20 tokens, how do you view them? This is quite straightforward as well if you follow the following instructions.
Aug 06, 2021 (Vehement Media via COMTEX) — The idea of blockchain has revolutionized almost every other sector, be it agriculture, healthcare, finance, or real estate. Tokenization of real-world assets has become the theme today. It has also opened great investment and earning opportunities for every sector. Unirealchain is now bringing real estate to the NFT marketplace after the great success of the NFT ecosystem this bull season. Buy and sell real estate on a decentralized proprietary NFT marketplace and get access to the full data of properties and continue monitoring new offers. Unirealchain — UNR has provided a solution that responds to the needs of modern, borderless real estate investing on a global scale. Some of the key features of the platform include:Asset digitization:Each real estate project will issue several tokens corresponding to the value of the underlying property. Investors will be able to buy as many tokens as they prefer, each corresponding to an individual share of the property.Fractionalizing to invest:Retail investors will have easy access to high-value properties thanks to the blockchain.Crowdfunding:Tokenization is the new frontier of Crowdfunding, where transparently, everyone can hold a portion of projects or properties.Instant transactions:All purchases and transactions will be completed instantly on the Unirealchain platform.Lower Fees:Sellers and purchasers will have lower listing fees, connection fees, and other costs thanks to a distributed platform that will readily connect people with properties all over the world.Digital Signature:The use of digital signatures supplied by Unirealchain will allow a contract between a seller and a buyer, or an asset owner and Unirealchain, to be implemented swiftly, safely, and lawfully.Public and Transparent:All project purchases are made through smart contracts and saved on blockchain. Therefore, it ensures fairness, transparency, and safety.Unirealchain is a Pioneer of Real Estate NFT MarketplaceUnirealchain — UNR is a pioneer of the Real Estate NFT and tokenization marketplace that offers a range of liquidity solutions to keep the ecosystem lucrative. The ecosystem consists of several key features and solutions. It consists of an investment and trading platform called UnirealEx, a cryptocurrency wallet called UnirealWallet. It also consists of a common platform UnirealSwap that combines NFT and Defi in a single place.UnirealEx offers potential investment opportunities for investors. Every token sale of properties and projects will be through smart contracts. For the listing of a project on UnirealEx exchange, there will be thorough due diligence to check if the project is compliant with its local law and the standards of UnirealEx. The platform will offer multiple pairs: BTC/USDT, ETH/USDT, UNR/USDT, and more project NFTs with other cryptocurrency pairs.The crypto wallet on the other hand is integrated with all major coins and blockchains: Bitcoin, Ethereum, ERC-20, BEP20, SOL, DOT, TRC-20.How Unirealchain Ecosystem Works?At UnirealPortal, users can read through the project’s documentation like information, location, status and cash flows.By collecting information from the traditional real estate marketplaces, we will analyze and provide real estate investment recommendations for each area. The data collection and analysis are updated hourly, so users enjoy almost real time data.During the first 2 years, while Unirealchain focuses on improving the collection of real estate data, users can use the services completely free of charge. Then, once all the data collection is completed and the connection to the government real estate portal will be completed as well, Unirealchain will consider the implementation of user fees.Before being listed on the Unirealchain platform, all projects have been carefully evaluated by Unirealchain’s team of experts. After that, the project owners will sign a contract to digitize and the list the project on UnirealEx, in the next step, investors go through the following steps to invest in the real estate NFTs:
Join the countdown now! We will launch starting from block #92689999, approximately on Thursday, July 22, 2021 at 20:45:45 GMT+07:00 (Indochina Time).What is DeFiFarms?In short, DeFiFarms is bringing to the DeFi table a series of revolutionary solutions focused around ERC-721, The Non-Fungible Token — NFT Standards. DeFiFarm inherits all innovative functions from current Decentralized Finance Platforms such as Decentralized Trading, Swapping using AMM supported by Liquidity Providers and adds new cool functions utilizing NFT.The native token of DeFiFarms is DEFIY — DeFiFarms non-fungible Yearn, the Governance TokenBelow are our most unique features:AMM powered TradingDeFiFarms offers a Decentralized Exchange platform that is capable of swapping with the use of an automated market maker (AMM) model. On our AMM-based decentralized exchanges, the traditional order book is replaced by liquidity pools that are pre-funded on-chain for both assets of the trading pair. The liquidity is provided by other users who also earn passive income on their deposits through trading fees based on the percentage of the liquidity pool that they provide. The solution works across different blockchain networks.Staking, Liquidity Providing The protocol allows users to stake their various digital assets into different pools to verify transactions, provide liquidity and earn DEFIY, the governance token of DeFiFarms. Our staking process will be the same as any other staking platform plus various new improvements powered by NFT.✔We fully support CAKE-LP v2 staking.NFT Farming By using NFT, DeFiFarms allows stakes to be more dynamic. Instead of a stake being tied to a user’s wallet address, it is linked to a proof of ownership, transferable NFT. Meaning, when you become a Liquidity Provider and stake your tokens, you not only earn rewards but also receive an NFT of equivalent value. This is called NFT Farming.In detail, DeFiFarms adds a new layer of possibility to Liquidity Providers and Yield Farmers by letting them “move around” locked values of Liquidity Providers Token.When you stake your DEFIY/BNB liquidity tokens in the DeFiFarms platform, the LP tokens are locked in the staking contract, but the value is not. The protocol will mint an NFT at the time of staking which will wrap the value you have locked in a transferable ERC-721 token, an NFT. Your stake will be stored on-chain in the metadata of this NFT. There’s no need to unstake your locked assets, when you decide you no longer want to be a liquidity provider, you can go on the market and trade that NFT for the market value of the LP tokens along with the accrued rewards.You can also unstake if you wish. When you unstake, the NFT is burned and staked funds plus unredeemed rewards will be transferred back to your wallet.Automatic LiquidityEvery transfer made with DEFIY must incur an 8% transfer tax. 6% transfer tax will also be added to the DEFIY-BNB liquidity pool through the contract to automatically and continuously raise the price floor. The liquidity will be locked and inaccessible. Before DeFiFarms is launched on AMM dex, the liquidity will be added on PancakeSwap then on DeFiFarms.Automated BurningAs mentioned above, each transfer of DEFIY must pay an 8% transfer tax. The 6% transfer tax will be allocated to automatic liquidity acquisition. The other 2% transfer tax will be burned immediately. The whole process is automatic.Black Hole Address: 0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dEaD To limit Pump and Dump schemes initiated by Whales, transfer of more than 0.5% (current ratio) of the total supply will be rejected. As the total supply grows, this ratio will be reduced.✔Deposit or withdraw tokens to the farms will not be subject to this restriction.You can view the max transfer amount on our website:  LockupHarvest lockup is a unique and creative farming rewards lockup mechanism created by the DeFiFarms dev team. This mechanism can help us limit the frequency of harvest to prevent farming arbitrage bots from constantly harvesting and dumping.For example, the harvest lockup of the DEFIY-BUSD farm is 4 hours. It means that farmers who stake in the DEFIY-BUSD farm can only harvest (claim their rewards from farming) every 4 hours.You can check the harvest lockup on each farm card.✔To clarify, the harvest lockup only locks users’ farming rewards. The tokens and LP tokens staked in farms can be withdrawn anytime.Deposit Fee RedistributionA 5% deposit fee will be charged when users enter staking on DeFiFarms, but unlike other yield farms, DeFiFarms don’t use the deposit fee to buy back and burn. Instead, the platform will redistribute the 4% deposit fee to DEFIY holders to encourage holding.When users enter the farming on DeFiFarms, a 5% deposit fee will be charged.⦁ a 1% deposit fee will be sent to the dev team as the development fund.⦁ a 4% deposit fee will be redistributed to DEFIY holders via Defi Factory
We have a breaking news to share with our PoParmy! The Popman NFT is about to sell in the late Sep, date will be announced on Twitter soon.Before the exciting moment, we have decided to host a Popman NFT AirDrop campaign today. We have prepared 5 SSS-level NFT and $10,000 worth $POP token for the winners.Go to this gleam page to check your tasks score >>>  12 UTC Sep 24 — 12 UTC Sep 28 Good luck, PoParmy!
The Listen Campaign is designed to illuminate the problems faced by the world’s one billion vulnerable and severely disadvantaged children. Combating the scourges of poverty, disease, pollution, climate change, war, conflict, exploitation, and racism, this is a campaign about children telling their own stories in their own words: providing a truly global and unique perspective of their needs.In year one, The Listen Charity will focus on supporting 75 projects from the world’s top children’s charities. Before Covid, there were 1 billion vulnerable and disadvantaged children in the world. Covid is thought to have increased this figure by 20%. Many projects and charities try to help these children, but the sector’s marketing and communications are fractured, sub-scale, and inefficient. Very little illuminates their problems or celebrates the proven solutions that could be scaled up or replicated. Launching in 2022, this truly global media campaign will leverage emerging technologies, combining new and traditional media channels, and the creativity of major stars and artists to build a worldwide community of supporters.It will involve 80 stars and artists known internationally, and 20 from each of India, Africa, and Latin America, and is expected to reach over 500 million people globally.Led by legendary producer Tony Hollingsworth — the man behind historic global issue campaigns including the “Nelson Mandela 70th Birthday Tribute” and “The Wall Live in Berlin” — this unprecedented media initiative is expected to increase awareness of the problems faced by vulnerable and disadvantaged children, and the projects that help them, by more than 200%.In a decade, The Listen Campaign aims to: To raise funding for the launch of the 2022 global media campaign, Listen will be releasing a series of exclusive non-fungible tokens (NFTs) from The Tribute Archive.Due for release in Q3 2021 these NFTs are an exclusive collection of digital assets, memorializing historic music events, including: These NFTs are truly unique, candid snapshots of legendary performances — bringing fans closer to the artist and the important moments in history they capture.When launched, fans can purchase these unique NFTs via the Listen Collectibles Auction and Shop platform, using the Listen Token ($LSTN). The Tribute Archive NFT program and launch of $LSTN are just the start; each year over 100 of the world’s top Star Creative Artists from Art, Digital Art, Literature, Music, and Film — and tens of thousands of citizen artists — will contribute to and create unique content for The Listen Campaign.Selected content will be minted as NFTs and The Listen Campaign will curate these limited edition digital collectibles via scheduled drops and auctions on the Listen Collectibles Auction and Shop platform.Participants will be rewarded for sharing, recruiting, contributing, creating, participating, promoting, competing, using, and donating.All transactions, from purchasing The Tribute Archive or Listen NFTs to participation in The Listen Campaign media program will be facilitated by $LSTN. In collaboration with LaunchPool, Listen will be allocating a percentage of $LSTN to a token event called an Allocation Mining Event (AME). Participants in the event will be given first access to the token.To take part in the $LSTN AME, make sure that you have joined our Telegram group, where regular announcements will be made.Click here to join our Telegram! Listen is the first global annual media campaign designed to help 1 billion vulnerable and disadvantaged children around the world.
It has been exactly 6 months since we started to work on our project. At this moment we are working on several high-profile collaborations which will sharply increase the audience’s attention to our project. Announcements will be coming soon. On the community side we gathered almost a 5000 subscribers on our social media and mailing list. Our community growing every day at an accelerating rate!Those who will join us on seed round will have the opportunity to buy $ARTY at the lowest price ever! Therefore we recommend to attend the seed round event exactly at 6 PM CET. We can not guarantee that there will be enough $ARTY for everyone.Let’s talk about the seed round. To keep it simple:
Blockchain has completely changed the way we think about money and created a true era of digital property. Bitcoin is the first successful use case for blockchain. Some creative developers believe they can expand the concept of bitcoin as a store of value and digital representation of currency. The introduction of smart contracts has led to the emergence of many new applications on the blockchain, one of which is non-fungible tokens (NFT). These tokens are as unique as unique pieces of art.NFT is a digital container in which you can save any information: graphics, music, document, program code, etc. Once a token is issued, it is no longer possible to change the information in it. But NFT can be transferred, like bitcoin, from one crypto wallet to another. That is, the owner of the NFT can change. The ownership of the NFT is retained on the blockchain network and can be confirmed at any time — information about which wallet a particular token is in is public.Experiments with NFT began back in 2013–2014 with several tokenization projects on the bitcoin blockchain. But projects such as CryptoPunks, and then CryptoKitties, gained particular fame. In 2017, 10 thousand pixels “crypto-banks” were first distributed for free, then sold for a penny, and in 2021 the selling price of some of them amounted to 4,200 ETH. You heard right — $7.5 million for small pixel art. Today, such projects and works sold in the form of NFT for cryptocurrency are called crypto-art. Anything published in the NFT is considered crypto art by some. Others, however, view images created in a specific style as crypto art as part of the broader concept of “digital art.”The increased interest in crypto art is due to several factors:
WEYU Earn is the first NFT community builder that helps new and existing NFT projects gain social media engagement and traction to make them a success. This is all possible thanks to our revolutionary new platform where users sign in with their wallets to perform simple tasks like retweeting a post or commenting on a thread. For each task completed, users earn WEYU Points. Points can be redeemed for crypto, NFTs, special access and other monthly prizes that are all sure to excite. At the end of each month we will reveal the redeemable prizes and you will have 72 hours to pick what you would like to spend your points on. Warning: Many of the prizes are limited so be sure to make it to our monthly reveals! The first step is to get a wallet. Why do you need both, you ask? Well you don’t. Ether one will do to register and gain access to the WEYU Earn platform. However, many of the prizes and redeemable items will be associated with both blockchains, and therefore, connecting both wallets is a great idea — trust! You can always add a second wallet after registering initially with just one. We highly suggest that you use Metamask for your BSC connection and Phantom with Sollana… Again, trust us on this one.Get Metamask HEREGet Phantom HERE There are 3 simple steps to register for WEYU Earn a) Connect WalletGo to the WEYU Earn homepage and connect ether your BSC wallet or your Sollana wallet. b) Link TelegramTelegram will be one of the main channels of communication when it comes to the WEYU Earn community. Once your Telegram account is linked, it will prompt the WEYU Telegram Bot, but….more on that later.c) Email Address Enter your email as a backup to stay notified on general updates and any additional winnings that you may have earned. Once you are registered, you can immediately start earning points! WEYU Points are awarded every time you complete a simple task or refer a friend to WEYU Earn.You will be able to see all of your earned points on your profile page. Your WEYU Earn Telegram bot will also keep you up to date on your point status and other WEYU Earn news. The Task MarketplaceWhen logging in you will see all available tasks that you can complete to earn WEYU Points. Simply view a task card to see if you are interested in the offered task and select it by clicking on it. Detailed instructions about that task will be opened and you will have everything you need to complete it successfully. The majority of these tasks are social media related and involve relevant content towards WEYU and all of our partners. Once you have completed the task and submitted the required proof of work then you will see your WEYU Points appear in your profile. Some tasks will earn you 1 point, and others 2, or more depending on the time and effort required for a particular task.Referral CampaignAnother great way to earn WEYU Points is to use the Referral system. WEYU makes it easy for you to invite others to join the WEYU Earn platform. On your profile page you will find your own unique referral link that you can share wherever you like. But you will also find a Twitter and Telegram message that you can copy to share on those platforms. Each referral will Earn you 5 WEYU points. Again, with every successful referral, your WEYU Telegram bot will instantly notify you. So, we’ve covered how to earn WEYU points and now it’s time to understand how to use them. WEYU Points are redeemable for all sorts of crypto related prizes and rewards at the end of every month, “season”. When the reveal happens you can select what you want to trade your points for. The primary reward is $WEYU tokens, but in addition we will have NFTs, other cryptocurrencies, digital/physical prizes and so much more.
There’s no denying the fact that NFTs have taken the digital art and collectibles world by storm. According to the latest statistics from Forbes, the NFT market generated over $23 Billion in trading volume in 2021.Over the years, many industries have used NFTs to their advantage. The gaming industry is one of them. The NFT play-to-earn business model that has been introduced into the gaming industry has attracted audiences from around the world.You can take advantage of this emerging technology to turn your characters, player avatars, or items into NFTs to earn a lot. But you might be wondering what NFT games are all about? Why have they become increasingly popular? Which are some popular NFT games? What is this NFT gaming business model is all about, and so on?Well, here we’re going to explain it all in detail. Let’s begin the journey. NFTs or Non Fungible Tokens are digital, cryptographic tokens on the blockchain. Every NFT token represents a unique item. NFT comes with many use cases. It can be a digital asset in the game, a collectible piece of crypto art, a real-world object, etc. But what makes them unique is, you can’t swap them identically with other tokens.Let us understand it better through an example. You can easily trade 1BTC (Bitcoin) with another 1BTC. Don’t you? But with NFT, it is not possible. It is so because each token is unique. NFT games are computer games in which you as a player can own in-game assets. The assets can be in any form like skin, weapon, other items, etc. You can collect these assets to assist your gameplay or trade with other players. The items are traded as physical assets, and their value depends on their use and rarity. In simple words, the more rare and usable an item is, the more will be its value.NFT games use NFTs in their rules, mechanisms, and player interaction. Apart from this, smart contracts define how an NFT will function within the game. The contracts are stored in the blockchain. There is also a record for every transaction that takes place.The first game with NFT characters was CryptoKitties. It was launched in the year 2017 on the Ethereum blockchain. It has a valuation of 20 million with high trading volumes. In this game, the player has to collect, breed, and trade digital cats, where each cat serves as a unique NFT. Play-to-earn NFT games allow you to generate an income stream by playing. They operate on a smart contract, a program on the blockchain. Its purpose is to execute an agreement in the form of a code on meeting predetermined conditions.It provides you as a player with digital assets. These digital assets can be in the form of tokens and NFTs that can increase in value as you continue to play. You can sell these assets for real cash or public blockchain exchanges. The longer you play the game, the more are chances of earning digital assets. You must have got a clear-cut idea of the NFT gaming business model. Let’s go through the top 5 play-to-earn NFT games that can help you earn money.Splinterlands It is a free-to-play tradable game that is a part of the NFT gaming business model and lets you earn rewards when you win card matchups. All you need to do is buy a starter pack of cards and register a steam account. Further, you need to unveil the purchased cards on Splinterlands.If you’re lucky enough, you will find rare cards in your first set of purchased cards. Apart from this, you could discover multiples of similar card types. If this remains your case, combine identical cards to boost power. You can also sell one of them in return for a cryptocurrency. You can further earn more by battling other players or participating in quests. It is an Ethereum based game that resembles a Pokemon game series with an added blockchain twist. Here you have to breed and collect NFT-based digital pets known as Axies. The purpose of collecting these Axies is to battle other players. Each Axies comes with a genetic imprint that passes down to offspring.You can trade these pets on the Ethereum NFT marketplace for a specific price. The price will depend upon the rareness and unique traits of pets. It is a fantasy-football trading card game that runs on the Ethereum blockchain. In this, you have to buy trading cards to compete in weekly competitions. It will let you unlock more rare cards or win Eth.For this, you can use your deck of cards to assemble a five-player team with a captain of your choice. You will be awarded points based on the player’s performance in real-life football matches. You can sell NFT cards to other players or even on the NFT marketplace to earn a profit. Gods Unchained is specifically designed to imbue elements of NFT into a known card trading gaming genre. You have to accumulate cards by purchasing them from other players. There is also an alternative in which you can win PVP matches to get cards. Here the quality of cards and gaming skills will help you to win.For every win, you will get experience points. Filling the experience bar will raise your ratings or level. It will earn you a new pack of cards. You can sell cards to make money. It is an NFT Defi metaverse that promotes economic competition and collaboration between players to explore other planets. It is done by incentivizing players to compete for Trillium (TLM). Trillium is essential to control competing decentralized autonomous organizations (Planet DAOs) and to have access to additional gameplay.In this, you can acquire NFTs to mine TLM, engage in battles, and compete in various game quests. You can purchase or assemble NFTs that suit your gameplay. You can also engage in governance by merely electing councilors of six planet DAOs. It will ultimately affect the direction of the game.
NFTs have taken the business world by storm. Whether it is tech, music, real estate, gaming, or sports, the introduction of NFTs within these industries have resulted in groundbreaking milestones.As a result, several investors from other industries are showing a growing interest in NFTs. They believe that in the near future, various properties ranging from tickets to houses will have ownership status tokenized. This makes sense if we consider the fact that images, videos, music, tweets, gaming characters, and even text can be turned into NFTs.Recently, Wong Kar Wai, an auteur from Hong Kong, has launched an NFT auction through Sotheby’s that managed to raise around $550,000. It also includes unseen footage from In The Mood For Love. This is an indicator of a bright future for the content industry.However, the question remains, what is this specific NFT revolution all about? What does it have to do with the content industry and does it hold the potential to act as a gamechanger for the content industry? NFTs, short for Non Fungible Tokens, are digital assets that have garnered significant importance in 2021. They exist on blockchain and serve as a public ledger, thereby giving people the power to verify the assets’ authenticity and ownership. Each NFT holds a specific and unique digital signature that makes them one of a kind. They can be easily bought using the cryptocurrency Ether or purchased using dollars. The blockchain maintains a record for all the transactions.When it comes to NFTs, any digital object can be converted into an NFT. Whether it is digital art, video highlights of moments from the game, patches of land in the virtual world, or content, all can be converted into an NFT. If we look into DappRadar’s industry report, we observe that the NFT trading volume was set to surpass $23 billion in 2021. The media and content industry has displayed a growing interest in NFTs. Major companies like Disney, Lionsgate, and Warner Bros are doing their best to take this revolution to the next level.Additionally, many NFT powered companies have been launched in 2021. Some of the popular ones include Fox Entertainment, Blockchain Creative Labs, NFT Studios from Martin Scorsese’s, Decentralized Pictures from tech veteran Leo Matchett, Roman Coppola, and American Zoetrope executive Michael Musante.Many Asian companies in Hong Kong like CryptoBLK, Marvion, and Coinllectibles are integrating the world of film and television with technology such as NFT’s. Bizhan Tong, the founder of Phoenix Waters Productions, said that his interest in the NFT rose during his research for Lockdown, a pandemic thriller.Julian So, co-founder of Mrvion and Coinllectibles, explained that the company’s “hybrid” or “fusion” NFTs is a combination of intangible assets in the virtual world that are backed up by a license or copyright agreement in the real world.Furthermore, Julian went on to explain that, “everyone talks about how NFTs are smart contracts, but the reality is different. There is nothing legally binding in a smart contract.” All it carries is settlement facilitation; Julian stated that their fusion NFTs contain documentation minted on the blockchain and it specifies different rights that each person holds.Apart from this, Phoenix Waters announced a partnership with Duncan Wong’s CryptoBLK on a drama series titled Crypto Keepers. They will be offering NFTs that will provide opportunities to their owners to vote on the storyline of the second season. Wong added that the next step would be to offer NFTs with certain IP rights; it could be by producing a short clip or hosting a particular character on social media or the metaverse.This activity will create an extra revenue stream; however, complications arise when it comes to investment or the blockchain equivalent of equity crowdfunding. Wong explicitly mentioned that the issued tokens must fall into the category of the NFTs or utility tokens. If they were to ever appear to be a piece of equity or a security token, it would draw the attention of the security regulatory bodies.Fans of the show can easily buy NFTs and use them for voting purposes. They also have the ability to sell them down the line. Additionally, there will be more incentives for fans to make the show successful. This would increase the value of NFTs. Wong added that Netflix would potentially come up with a metaverse live show for major talent and sell tickets as NFTs.
As a GameFi game, there are three different tokens in LoserChick, CHICK,EGG and NFT. The game developers have designed a subtle economic model for three tokens, so that they are closely related to each other, thus achieving the ultimate deflation and efficient circulation, of which NFT is the core asset. LoserChick NFTs are the core value carriers of the entire ecosystem. Whether they are $CHICK or $EGG tokens, their value will be realized by generating individual NFT ultimately. In the world of LoserChick, there are 5 types of “chicks” (NFTs). Each “chick” has its own specific amount and characteristic properties. Their value will ultimately be determined by the scarcity and the additional special properties.LoserChick NFTs  MarketPlace:ShriekingChick:      NFTs Type and Quantity Limit As we can see from above, “Shrieking Chick” is the rarest of all LoserChick NFTs. Its total amount is only 99, making it far more scarce than the other four types of LoserChicks. In addition, it is worth mentioning that its content is created by artists based on specific character stories, each of which has its own unique artistic and collectible value.‌In order to avoid the extreme situation that the user can never get any of the LoserChick NFTs by “Mint NFT”, and thus reduce the experience and participation in the game, the LoserChick contract has a special guarantee mechanism. At least 5 NFTs will be awarded while every burn 10 $EGG in one click.1. TrumpChickTrumpChick once owned everything, standing on the peak of power and despising everything. But now, he doesn’t even have a twitter account, so he screams and shouts all the time . He can barely generate electricity even if he screams loudly and crazily. 2. BossChickBossChick owns huge fortune but he can’t earn the recognition of labor chick which makes him feel disappointed. He always cannot suppress his feelings and scream to generate weak electricity. 3. LaborChickLaborChick got a glamorous career,enviable capability, but never be paid as he deserves,isn’t that ur shit day?He screams to express dissatisfaction,the power he generates is weak,but still stronger than that of Trump and Boss. 4. LuckyChickLuckyChick is beautiful and lives a comfortable life,but she has to accompany people who she dislikes, and smirks everyday.She can only express her dissatisfactions through screaming. This power is stronger than Trump,Boss and Labor. 5. ShriekingChickHe has nothing but injuries,and he anesthetizes himself by drink,alleviating the pain through scream,expressing the reluctance that loser saves the world!‌In human world,he was done.But in Chick world,his scream is the strongest power. 6. MysteryChickIn LoserChick game, besides ShriekingChick, LuckyChick, LaborChick, BossChick, TrumpChick, there is another kind of MysteryChick. They have a special role in the game, as well as a special way to get. MysteryChick evolve from the synthesis of different chicks, such as TrumpChick, BossChick, etc. The rules of synthesis of MysteryChick are waiting to be further unlocked. Mint NFT, get your chicks ready! LoserChick’s NFTs are minted from EGGs, and when each time ten EGGs are minted, there is a guarantee to get five NFTs. unlike normal NFTs, LoserChick’s NFTs have more applications except trading and collecting. With the help of Defi and Game, LoserChick’s NFT currently implements mining and synthesis, and these novel ways of playing add liquidity, fun and higher value to NFT.
We have established in the opening story how art has evolved over time. The recent digitalization of our society brought new opportunities for content creators who are now able to share their work with the world much faster. Platforms like Youtube, Instagram, or TikTok have known exponential growth in the last decade allowing anyone to create content and make a living out of it. We are living in the age platform revolution. The premise for the future of technology has been laid and laden with many problems it promises a vast potential for improvement.With the emergence of such companies, people quickly started to face a problem of content distribution who only partially or not at all control the way they distribute their art/content.Decentralized technology like smart contracts seems to provide an interesting solution with Non-Fungible Tokens.What is an NFT? A Non Fungible Token is a unique and digital asset known to be irreplaceable. Meaning if you trade it against another asset you will never get the same asset in return. An artist could literally turn any of his content into an NFT and sell it to anyone who wishes to buy it.Recommended: Learn more about NFTs in our whitepaper.NFT seems to be a good opportunity for content creators to finally distribute their work the way they want it. They only need an optimized tool to do it. The first NFT Marketplace for Instagram.Everlens provides an instrument to any content creator who wishes to sell pictures.How is it going to work?In order to sell content, the content seller will have to Sign Up on the platform using Instagram. 📄 The buyers will be able to purchase art from the range of pictures up for sale from all the content sellers. 🖼️ Any seller can create the first NFT by simply clicking on the Create icon. They will then choose a picture from the Instagram account, set a title, a minimum bid, a description, and create the post. The picture will be converted into an NFT and anyone will have the opportunity to buy it on everlens.io 💸 We tried to simplify the process of NFT creation making it understandable and accessible to anyone.✔️ In a truly decentralized way.In the future buyers will also have the opportunity to bid on any pictures available on Instagram and initiate the art collection process themselves. Everlens is a perfect solution for content creators who want to: Everlens is also an interesting tool for buyers to:
Today we’re going to explain step by step, how to participate in the NFTmall GEM Token Presale — Private Round A. The officially supported web3 wallet to participate in this presale is the MetaMask wallet. You’ll need to add a new Network by following this guide. The URL of the token sale page is  If your address is whitelisted, then, this is the UI you’re going to see: If you are not whitelisted, then, unfortunately, you won’t be able to participate in this presale: Make sure your wallet address is on the whitelist. Make sure to set a high gas fee to confirm your transaction faster.
Users can Stake KingSwap NFTs to earn higher yields and limited-edition digital collectibles, tradable on OpenSea and Rarible SINGAPORE — December 4, 2020 — DeFi project KingSwap ( today announced the launch of its NFT staking program and raffle games. On a mission to drive mainstream DeFi adoption through gamification, KingSwap is a high-yield liquidity platform that offers extensive staking rewards, digital collectibles, and fiat conversions.KingSwap’s new NFT staking program allows users to stake their King, Queen, or Knight NFTs for a set period of 3, 6, 12, 24, or 48 months, similar to a bank’s Certificate of Deposit. For a 12 month commitment, investors earn 60% APY for staking a Knight NFT (worth 10,000 $KING tokens), 80% APY for staking a Queen NFT (worth 100,000 $KING tokens), and 100% APY for staking a King NFT (worth 1 million $KING tokens).Holders can also stake their NFTs in a variety of unique games built on the KingSwap platform, including raffle drawings. To join a KingSwap raffle, players pay an entry fee of 20 $KING tokens. Once 100 players have entered, one player is randomly selected to receive a limited-edition NFT. For every friend a player refers to the raffle game, they’ll earn one $KING token for each entry they buy.“We created this raffle game to provide better rewards to participants, while at the same time earning the loyalty of $KING token holders,” said Malcolm Tan, KingSwap senior advisor. “We’ve already seen many enthusiastic users join our first few raffle drawings, and look forward to continuing to reward our community with limited-edition NFTs.”KingSwap has also rolled out NFT games inspired by poker and slot machines, giving players more opportunities to stake their NFTs for a chance to earn greater rewards. All of KingSwap’s NFTs can be kept to use in various games in the ecosystem, or sold and traded as digital collectibles on platforms like OpenSea and Rarible.The timeline set for the NFT staking was on 3rd December, 3/12/2020, KingSwap’s development team have prepared for a 2 days UAT/SIT Testing prior to the release of NFT staking feature, during testing phase, they found out that there were extra feature/functions/refactoring needed to improve the NFT staking, to reduce gas fee and also to reduce security risk. The Development team added these functions to account for airdrops for users while they staked their NFT, added an emergency withdrawal system just in case the contract malfunctions where the user’s token will be refunded.KingSwap’s development team added more information on the UI to make it more user-friendly. All these improvements were detected during UAT testing. As they strongly desired to roll out a feature that benefits KingSwap’s supporters and minimize their risk, they decided to postpone the launch of NFT staking till the 4rd December,4.00pm GMT +8.00.KingSwap was founded by a team of experienced leaders in banking, finance, and crypto, including Dr. Anish Mohammed, who has advised and worked for companies including HSBC, Lloyds, and Zurich, and was an early advisor to Ripple and Ocean Protocol; Dunstan Teo, Chief Architect of the Fido Protocol and President of Sanctum Pte Ltd.KingSwap’s advisors include Venture Capitalist Dr. Giampaolo Parigi; Professor Alex Nascimento, Faculty and Co-Founder, Blockchain at UCLA; Michael Terpin, Founder and CEO of Transform Group and Co-Founder of BitAngels; Lionel Iruk, Esq., and Dr. Robert Choi.Prior to KingSwap’s public launch in October 2020, venture capital firms and cryptocurrency investors participated in a private fundraising round, raising more than $20 million USD in funding and liquidity support. KingSwap’s backers include Plutus VC, Hashstreet VC, Alpha Sigma Capital, Tradecraft Capital and 7CC.ABOUT KINGSWAPKingSwap ( is a DeFi project based out of Singapore with a fully regulated* token that introduces a liquidity pool platform with possible fiat conversions. KingSwap’s high-yield liquidity platform offers extensive staking rewards and digital collectibles.
Official Rating: 9.6 /10 (BUY)Official Launch Date: Jan, 31st 2022Pre-sale price: 0.05 ETH ( for 200 items)Mint Price: 0.1ETHWhere to buy it? Profiles NFT Type: NFT GamingOver the years, NFTs have become one of the most highly discussed concepts within the business realm. Whether it concerns ownership, authenticity, or inclusive growth, NFTs remain unmatched. This led to the introduction of NFTs in the gaming world. We witnessed Axie Infinity, Gods Unchained, and Spplinterlands grab the attention of people worldwide.Now, it’s time for the Battle Ape Game to grab the spotlight. There are more than 1600+ members online each day and 16K+ members in their discord, without posting many Tweets or utilizing much marketing. The Battle Ape Game truly has an organic community. You might be wondering why?Well, we will uncover all the details. The Battle Ape Game is the first in-browser, NFT-based game that is available on PC and Mobile. Battle Ape Game’s gameplay is inspired by classic runner/platform games, such as Super Mario and Sonic; it has a Play-to-Earn model which is based on daily leaderboards.Staking your Ape NFT allows you to play the Ape Game and earn daily $KONGZ. You have the ability to equip your Apes with weapons, supercharge your run, and multiply your daily earnings. In the Battle Ape Game, your greatest weapon is your skill, not luck.You actively earn tokens ($KONGZ) on the ETH blockchain. $KONGZ earning rate will be pegged to your leaderboard high score, using the top score you have earned by the day’s end.$KONGZ will be distributed on a weekly basis except for the 1st day, where all players will receive their earned $KONGZ after 24 hours from the game’s release.The initial earning conversion rate will be 1 score = 1 $KONGZ. As the project grows,they will keep the earning rate variable as they monitor the player base.The best player can earn up to $1100–1200 per month per NFT considering the listing price of $KONGZ. This figure is multiplied by the number of NFTs that you own.They expect this figure to increase as the Marketplace transaction volume increases. For example, when the volume doubles, you can expect the demand and value of $KONGZ to double as well. Pixel art, Silverback Apes and Monkeys (silverbacks earn more than monkeys in PvE) and the rarity of NFTs will impact stats for PvP (coming Q3). Users who want to catch up withApes that are rare can utilize KONGZ to purchase upgrades from the marketplace via mutation serums and weapons. Battle Ape Game was designed with the main objective of creating an ultimate community around a P2E game by engaging PvP and PvE mechanics. You can use $KONGZ in the marketplace for minting weapons, mutating apes, supercharging runs, and multiplying rewards. Battle Ape Game will be playable on Mint Day. This means that immediately after minting, you can start earning $KONGZ with your Battle Ape NFTs. Players can easily access the game after staking their NFTs. The more apes you stake, the higher your daily $KONGZ rewards would be for playing the game. 24 hours post Mint Day, $KONGZ will be immediately listed on Uniswap. It will continue to be an integral part of the Battle Ape Game ecosystem. Apart from the roadmap, the $KONGZ utility details will also be revealed. In the MetaJungle, the only currency of relevance is food. Silverbacks and Monkeys have to run across the MetaJungle to collect Bananas. These bananas can in turn be exchanged for $KONGZ. Once you obtain $KONGZ, you can use them to mint weapons for your apes. Additionally, $KONGZ can be utilized to supercharge runs and multiply rewards.Greater $KONGZ can be acquired by staking more apes. Early joiners to the community have the privilege of receiving free NFTs. Furthermore, inviting people to the community will help you earn rewards in the form of free weapons.Most importantly, the early ape multiplier will allow you to earn the maximum daily limit of $KONGZ. With respect to the Battle Ape Game, one’s skills are what primarily matters. As you keep running, the game will get progressively more challenging. However, the scoring rate will also increase. All players begin with a base score.Multipliers are only applicable to the score after the base score is determined. Multipliers are applied based on the factors listed below: To keep payouts sustainable the team has allocated 40% to payout fund and 10% to treasury (see #tokenomics in discord). This can last until Q3 even without a marketplace, which is where people can spend KONGZ to buy apes, weapons and other in-game assets to upgrade their NFTs (like mutation serums). The KONGZ generated there will be recycled into the payout fund.With PVP coming in Q3, people will stake KONGZ per match, where the loser surrenders the staked KONGZ to the winner. We will take a % of that to recycle into the Payout fund.PvP is confirmed to have 1v1 and 3v3 (as in teams of 1 NFT or 3 NFTs) and will be P2P. 5v5 and 10v10 is under consideration. PvP will also have matchmaking, the higher your win rate the higher your tier and the better players you will be matched up with; in addition, the no. of KONGZ on the line will rise according to your matchmaking Tier. The Game, in its alpha state (PvE only), will be playable on 31 Jan after sale.You can see the game trailer here
Here are a list of new NFT investment opportunities of handpicked projects. These NFT(s) have great teams and communities behind them. These projects have been verified.
We are creating something completely newTo my knowledge this may be a first on the Ethereum network. But, we are well on our way to launch a staking portal for users to earn Aspen tokens passively with their dCOLLECT NFT collectibles.
Rune, the popular gaming universe on Binance Smart Chain (BSC) raised $100,000 through a limited edition sale of 32 unique pets, which are NFTs in the Rune ecosystem.Most of the pets sold within 30 minutes of release, highlighting the excitement around the game and its growth. The funds are going to be spent on marketing, expanding the Rune user-base, and building new partnerships. Rune is an open-ended gaming ecosystem where players can immerse themselves in an epic dark fantasy role playing game (RPG). The game draws inspiration from the likes of Diablo II and Zelda, popular video games over 20 years old.There is a lot one can do in the rapidly expanding Rune universe. To get started players create a hero (NFT) from seven different classes, such as a Barbarian, Amazon, or Sorceress and join a guild. Play one of the games in the Rune ecosystem and earn various runes, which are cryptocurrencies (BEP20s).Use the runes to craft Runewords, powerful weapons and armor (NFTs) that can be used to make your unique hero more powerful. Gamers can earn crypto in a play to earn game, by raiding yield farms, crafting and trading unique gear (NFTs), and battling other players for victory. To date, over 20,000 NFTs have been minted in the Rune ecosystem, making Rune one of the top NFT projects on Binance Smart Chain by daily transactional volume according to BSCscan.With a strong community of over 2,500 followers and the launch of the first few games, Rune is ready for its next phase of growth.
If you’ve come across Highstreet on social media, chances are you’ve already met FOMO Duck — the sunshine-colored, upbeat mascot of our commerce-centric metaverse.The long-awaited FOMO Duck NFT will finally arrive on September 17, 2021. Highstreet will be releasing 250 each day to be minted and run for it for 30 days. To understand what makes FOMO Duck special and how you can reap rewards, read on!A Better Marketplace Thanks to FOMO DuckFOMO Duck doesn’t just brighten up our virtual world with a dash of color and personality. He is also the brains behind one of Highstreet’s innovations for a fairer, friendlier marketplace: StreetSmart Bonding Curves. Why would a duck want to redefine the rules for selling limited-edition products on a decentralized exchange? If only you knew his story:“Fomolius Duck is part of a mysterious tribe of ducks that populated Highstreet World long before the first Great Crossing Over ever happened. Thousands of years ago a wormhole opened up where Highstreet Market currently stands, and products from the real world started falling through the portal and into the digital world. It wasn’t long before human explorers also started crossing over, and soon the area surrounding the wormhole became a crucial trading center between humans and the intelligent duck natives that resided there. As such these ducks developed a keen sense of trade and opportunity, and overtime evolved to become one of the most affluent traders in the Highstreet Metaverse. Today Freshmints like Fomolius can be seen either representing brands from the real world, or inventing new forms of commerce like the StreetSmart Bonding Curve that Highstreet Market uses.”StreetSmart’s automated price adjustment process gives every user the fairest price at any moment in time. The system also steps in whenever a user needs a counterparty, making every transaction instantaneous. Most importantly, the use of product tokens in StreetSmart means you never need to worry about getting ripped off or receiving fake goods. Gleam Campaign Link (new link reveal each day starting Sept 17):Oct 5:  6: 7: 8: 9: 10: 11: 13: 14: 15: 16: FOMO Duck NFTs And Earn RewardsAfter hearing Fomolius’s story, you might want to get your hands on a FOMO Duck NFT too. Starting September 17, 2021 EST Time 10:00AM, you can do that by following these simple steps:
Nftfy — An idea born during the bear marketThe crypto winter of 2018 was a difficult period for our industry. A plethora of high-quality projects with overwhelming support from their communities seemed to vanish into thin air almost as quickly as they were born as the glory days of 2017 were perceived by most as a distant memory. As most teams were throwing in the towel, others persevered and worked even harder while some had the tenacity, conviction, and courage to start from square one during this tumultuous period. Nftfy falls into the ladder category. We are thrilled to finally unveil the revolutionary project we have been building throughout the bear market. Nftfy is a robust decentralized open marketplace that enables anyone to effortlessly monetize digital assets with no coding skills required. A pioneer in the cryptographic space, Nftfy will revolutionize the industry by becoming the first decentralized protocol that enables NFT holders to fractionalize their Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs) in a trustless and permissionless manner. The highly sophisticated — yet user-friendly — Nftfy platform utilizes smart contracts to fractionalize digital assets into several ERC-20 compliant components while ensuring that each component is backed by the NFT itself. The unprecedented explosion in the popularity of NFTs in 2021 and the rapid pace of mainstream adoption have been nothing short of remarkable; even the savviest investors and enthusiasts in the space were unable to predict this phenomenon. While the current excitement surrounding NFTs is great for the industry and cryptocurrency in general, there are certain elements to the market which remain problematic for both NFT creators and investors. A lack of liquidity puts a cap on the number of new investors in the NFT ecosystem. Given the highly speculative nature of the current NFT marketplace, current investors take on significant risk as the “value” of any given NFT today can fluctuate significantly within a short timeframe. Extremely high-priced NFTs may not be sold for their true “value” within a reasonable timeframe. There is currently no method to fractionalize these assets into smaller ownership components. The fractionalization of NFTs as well as the shared ownership mechanisms provided by Nftfy solve these major pain points, thereby paving the way for even more mainstream adoption as well as real-world utility for NFTs. The primary purpose of Nftfy is to fractionalize NFTs into ERC-20 components. In traditional finance, this process is highly centralized and requires regulatory oversight to guarantee the backing of value for all market participants. The product of multiple intermediaries combined with strict regulation is a lengthy, inefficient process that comes with a high price tag.Nftfy has solved this problem via an entirely decentralized and software-guaranteed backing mechanism, thereby eliminating the need for all intermediaries. Furthermore, Nftfy allows for legal contractual agreements via the Lex Cryptographia methodology and employs legal contractual concepts via Smart Contracts. The net effect is twofold; a smooth, streamlined process and guaranteed user rights. At present, the leading NFT markets — Opensea and Rarible — are peer-to-peer marketplaces that lack the level of liquidity required to determine an appropriate/reliable valuation for a given NFT. Nftfy’s decentralized marketplace will solve this issue as the platform will enable users to trade fractionalized components of NFTs which will add a significant amount of liquidity to the market. The added liquidity will allow for much more accurate NFT valuations in real-time. Once your NFT is staked and the fractionalization process is complete, one million fractions of your NFT will be deposited into the wallet of your choice and will be available for immediate access. Once an NFT has been fractionalized into its ERC-20 compliant components via the Nftfy protocol, all of the traditional functionalities of the current crypto ecosystem can be explored.At this stage, you will have the capability to create your own Initial Dex Offering (IDO) via a Liquidity Bootstrapping Pool on the Balancer protocol thereby providing liquidity to your NFT fractions. This revolutionary functionality allows for the creation of an entirely new marketplace enabling anyone to easily buy and sell fractions of your NFT. This innovation represents a simple, instant, and trustless method of sharing ownership of NFTs.$NFTFY is the token of the protocol. It can be farmed by providing liquidity to various pools containing NFT fractions and $NFTFY. Issuers of NFTs will have the capability to raise funds on Nftfy from a private group of individuals by selling only a portion of the asset. This will generate a network effect, as numerous interested parties will increase the valuation of a shared asset. This is particularly true for rare NFTs such as Crypto Punks and Hashmasks which are not accessible to the masses due to their high valuations. The increase in liquidity will lead to increased transactions and will ultimately achieve Nftfy’s primary objective — the democratization of NFT ownership. The $NFTFY token will be a fungible ERC-20 token and will be the fuel for the Nftfy ecosystem.$NFTFY will act as a liquidity base (collateral) for fractionalized contracts. Tokens will also boost the ecosystem of the new ERC-20 contracts via liquidity mining. Potential to realize the maximum value from the NFTs via instant liquidity, fair market pricing, and an enhanced network effect. Opportunity to buy and sell a wide array of fractionalized NFTs at a fair market price. Fractionalized NFT trading, liquidity providing, yield farming, risk sharing, arbitrage opportunities.
After successfully launching the $FCON Token on 3 reputable exchanges, we are thrilled to announce another feat of the Space Falcon project. NFT sale is coming on 3rd February 2022 on our website, www.spacefalcon.io. Kindly mark this day on your calendar.*Dear Falconians, on behalf of Space Falcon, we sincerely apologize that holding the FCON token is no more a requirement for NFT mint. We removed this requirement due to technical limitations and the issue of running into bot attacks, which could have been a bad experience. Also do note that the development of the staking feature is a work in progress, we will announce tiers and the first project once it’s live.**If someone is already holding 500K and 2SOL they are automatically whitelisted even they didn’t meet the conditions on Discord. Option 1: if you want to be sure you can buy NFT, get whitelisted on our Discord server and pay 2SOL per 1 NFTOption 2: if we don’t sell all NFTs for the whitelisted wallets, everyone has an opportunity to buy NFT on our official website for 2 SOL per 1 NFT.There is no limit to the amount of NFTs you can mint Space Falcon NFT collection contains 3030 unique NFTs, which will be used in the upcoming Space Falcon shooter game, and holders of NFT will have a possibility to participate in the first IDO on Falcon Launchpad along with surprise airdrops of projects that launch on our launchpad, which is planned towards the end of February. Kucoin:    on Raydium:  
While many NFT owners would like to exhibit their collections to the public, most exhibition galleries and museums are not prepared to provide such an opportunity. These challenges are related to both the significant costs required to upgrade infrastructure and the inability of traditional exhibition methods to unleash the full potential of the virtual object that is an NFT. That is one of the reasons why we are creating Artyfact, a revolutionary metaverse with marketplace integration where you can exhibit, collect, buy and sell NFTs, create metaworlds and play NFT games. The Artyfact Metaverse lies at the heart of our platform. It consists of metaworlds that combine the latest visual technologies and immersive experiences to create places truly worthy of being virtual home to you and your NFTs. Main features: Artyfact is the first metaverse built using Unreal Engine. The advanced technologies used in this game engine gives users a whole new level of detail and immersion in the virtual world. The platform is integrated with the Binance Smart Chain (BSC) blockchain that makes it possible to provide the ultimate transaction processing performance, low network fees, and high data security. A variety of metaworlds will satisfy even the most creative demands. It can be NFT galleries, cities, or anything you want. Create spaces that can’t be found in the real world. Users can not only rent or buy existing metaworlds, but also create their own metaworlds using “constructor”. Created metaworlds also can be leased or sold to other users. Thanks to NFT marketplace integration, metaworlds can be used to buy and sell NFTs. Show your NFT collection to the world and choose which NFT(s) can be sold. Aryfact users can also use metaworlds as arenas for NFT games. Games differ depending on the type of chosen metaworld. Connect and play online with other players.
Adoption and uses of NFTs in real world will come true only in few years. NFT (Non-Fungible Token) offers unique characters that make them digitally different and rare. Many tokens, and even cryptocurrencies, can be counted. If you send Bitcoin and get Bitcoin back, you won’t notice the difference.In many ways, countable tokens are constructed using a standard called ERC-20. Let’s imagine each token a $ 10 bill. If you send a token to someone and get it back one week later, the token will be similar (although there will be price fluctuation). This all changes with NFT tokens, most of which are ERC-721 based. NFT tokens can be compared to baseball cards, each of which has unique information and a different rarity level. If you accidentally send one of these tokens, and then get a different ERC-721 token, you will be very disappointed.There is another, more important difference. Countable tokens are divisible, meaning you can send a fraction of an ERC-20 token. It’s like cash, where you can take a $ 10 bill and get change. On the other hand, NFT tokens with ERC-721 cannot be divided and must be purchased or sold as a whole. Like a baseball card, no one is interested in buying a half card.As the world begins to change from paper, proponents believe that there are many examples of uses for NFT tokens apart from being collectibles. For example, these tokens can be a safe and lasting way to guarantee, copyright — even artwork and proof of property ownership. These real assets can be digitized and stored precisely in a wallet, keeping them safe and ensuring they cannot be altered or faked by third parties.Today, NFT tokens are expensive and complex to implement. Sometimes it can take months to develop a DApp, and in the fast-paced world of blockchain, the costs compete with the benefits.But with the recent DeFi trends, we saw a great opportunity that the adoption and uses of NFTs in real world will come true only in few years, might 2–3 years to go. The early pioneer of NFT tokens was CryptoKitties, a blockchain platform where players have the opportunity to collect and breed digital cats. If you have a cat, you will find that they are not easy to replace because of their unique appearance and personality. In this sense, CrytoKitties is replicating this concept in the crypto world, with each cat’s digital genetic material stored on the blockchain.This will not be much different from what we did, we made a Non-Fungible Token as proof of ownership of a property asset or proof of involvement in a property project. Today, business in the property sector is controlled and handled by a corporate agency or people with big capital. This triggers the creation of an Oligopoly market and is increasingly closed for small investors to enter the business and property market. On that basis, we created NTFs which are back-up by property assets so that everyone can enter into this business without any constraints on capital and geographic location.
The NFT world welcomes Spores Network, Asia’s premier NFT marketplace with supported DeFi & interoperability tools.Spores Network deeply believes that a digital “metaverse” is being built today that will revolutionize our thoughts and behavior with respect to living, owning, sharing our physical and digital lives.Spores seeks to empower creators to create, exchange, and communicate their life’s work, enabling the decentralization of ownership and frictionless redistribution of capital. Spores Network views the emerging digital NFT “metaverse,” revolutionizing our thoughts, beliefs, and actions about owning and sharing our physical and digital lives.Empowering all NTF creators, creating, trading, and expressing their life’s work, Spores Network emerges to answer the call.The Spores Network NFT platform is both feature-rich and cross-chain interoperable — enabling users to auction and exchange their NFT assets while utilizing other DeFi products without barriers.Leveraging the blockchain and using smart contract technology to authenticate NFTs, Spores Network tracks ownership records alongside buying/selling histories, securely decentralizing their trading procedure.This is noteworthy, as Spores Network fully complies with intellectual property and copyright licenses, protecting the NFT creators’ and owners’ benefits.Delivering the full range of features, while facilitating and benefiting all participants (artwork and content creators, game developers, entertainment producers, clubs, collectors, celebrities, and fans, etc), Spores Network promotes a creator-centric, frictionless, borderless, and community-driven ecosystem. Launching a NFT + DeFi project venture fund, Spores Network believes content is king, establishing themselves as blockchain game publishing leaders, ultimately expanding its ecosystem.As Spores Network is primarily Asian-centric, it’s focusing on and promoting industries with heavy Asian participation such as: As a ground-breaking project, Spores Network focuses on improving the usability features of the NFT space, while directly connecting to E-marketplaces.These targets make Spores Network a project with true potential, as one which can drive the global NFT industry, notably improving the NFT sector, while making NFTs widely usable.Spores Network launches on CardStarter on July 28th, 2021.Upon entering the scene, I expect Spores Network to make some noise, as it executes its road map and realizing its goals.Here’s to Spores Network and their highest and best success, carrying the NFT flag to new heights while igniting this new global NFT movement.Your Friend in Prosperity,Mark Stein Spores Network runs Asia’s premier NFT marketplace, supported by DeFi and Dev Tools for cross-chain interoperability. Believers in a frictionless, borderless, and creator-centric metaverse, we seek to scale the world’s best NFT + DeFi ecosystem.Telegram Evolve advises the blockchain’s most ambitious start-ups from the beginning to beyond. In navigating a market’s changing landscape, we evolve, because the truth is time changes everything. Whether an idea or strategy, yesterday’s concepts become ineffective. As, we can’t accept things as they are, we never stop innovating.The Evolve mission is simple; we put no limits on empowering your vision, while committing to it becoming a reality. We believe safer, smarter, better strategies, along with their execution, create the biggest and brightest success stories. With a winning partner at your side for years into the future, you too can feel this sense of exponential empowerment.Evolve Linktree
Here are a list of new NFT investment opportunities of handpicked projects. These NFT(s) have great teams and communities behind them. Intergalactic generative ape-themed NFTsDiscord | Twitter | Website Presale:Friday, January 21st 2022 7:00 am (America/Los_Angeles)Public Sale:Saturday, January 22nd 2022 7:00 am (America/Los_Angeles)Starting Mint Price:0.09 ETHNFT(s) available:8,000 3D bunny themed NFTsDiscord | Twitter | Website Public Sale:Friday, January 21st 20228:00 am(America/Los_Angeles)Starting Mint Price:0.26 ETHNFT(s) available:10,000 Chef dog themed NFTsDiscord | Twitter | Website Public Sale:Friday, January 21st 20229:00 am(America/Los_Angeles)Starting Mint Price:0.1 ETHNFT(s) available:10,000 Chipmunk themed NFTs on SolanaDiscord | Twitter | Website Presale:Friday, January 21st 2022 9:00 am(America/Los_Angeles)Public Sale:Saturday, January 22nd 20222:00 pm(America/Los_Angeles)Starting Mint Price:0.77 SOLNFT(s) available:5,000 Meme theme NFTsDiscord | Twitter | Website
Before we buy a Popman NFT, we need to know how it works and how it helps you to earn more, first. Let’s have a little trip to learn about Popman NFT. Popman is a player’s entrance pass to Popop World, corresponding to each casual game. Players need to bind Popman NFT first, before winning EXP through games.Players can obtain Popman NFT through missions, invitations, or purchase NFT blind boxes with POP tokens in the game mall. Popman NFTs are divided into five levels: B, A, S, SS, and SSS. The higher level, the more rare NFT and the higher the game EXP bonus.Different levels of Popman NFT have different appearance elements. SS and SSS level NFT are of the appearance of special character identity. Unlike the miners back in the old times, the mining or earning way has changed. As we all know, GameFi projects like Axie Infinity, they are having a P2E model. Users play games to get more rewards.But in the Popop World, people will earn more bonus by having a high level NFT. Different NFT level will correspond to a different bonus multiplier. B-level is the lowest level in Popop World, people who use this kind of NFT to play games, it’ll have no extra bonus. But if players use a SSS-level NFT to play games, he can get 10x of the bonus as B-level players do. Popop World is the first star GameFi&SocialFi project on polygon ecosystem. The earlier stage, the higher return.And it’s not only a ticket to the Popop World but also a super miner in the GameFi field. NFT will help players to get more rewards.
The NFT gaming and play to earn gaming worlds are exploding, and for good reason. There is a ton of innovation and thousands of great concepts both in games and in collectibles hitting the blockchain. This saturation can be overwhelming and as cash grabs get sprinkled in among solid projects, it can be hard to know what will still be around in a year or more. Every NFT project seems to be adding a game to their roadmap recently, the majority of which will never take place. It’s hard to tell which projects will still be around, but what we CAN know is that for the ones that will survive, there will be a place for them to call home…As NFT projects fight each other for market share and as games continue to develop, some will die off, and when the cream of the crop rises to the top, there will still be a lot of solid projects with fun games and awesome valuable artwork out there with plenty of utility. There will also be plenty of communities to go along with all these projects. Imagine if there was a way to bring all of these solid projects together and connect them in one ecosystem and provide a way for players to play, socialize, and even trade with one another, all in one place… What we are describing is not only possible, but it is inevitable! Gamerse is the first ever NFT Gaming Social Ecosystem which will allow users to do all of the above, and more! The immersive Gamerse Ecosystem consists of a plethora of features, making it not only the first of it’s kind, but an all inclusive, “one-stop-shop” if you will, for NFT Gaming. These features include social media, an aggregator marketplace, an auction house, a utility token with amazing benefits, and more. You can check out the full whitepaper here, but in this article let’s explore some of the most exciting features of the ecosystem in greater detail. The social media platform on Gamerse includes Groups, Live Feed, Direct Messaging, NFT Drop Watchlists, and more. It will be the go-to place for NFT collectors to hang out and socialize. Imagine a place like Discord, where you are a part of your various NFT communities, but then add the ability to view your NFT’s in the same place, as well as view the NFT’s of the other members of your groups! This utility will be amazing.You will also be able to have followers and post things in a feed, as well as direct message, much like you see on Twitter. Gamerse’s goal on this social media platform is to increase the joy of users as they participate in NFT communities and trade among friends. There is much more to be said just about the social media aspect, but the last thing that we are proud of is that there will also be an NFT drop watchlist on the platform. This is an incredibly underrated feature that will be quite valuable. So many different websites have NFT drop calendars, and many of them don’t have the same projects as each other, let alone the trusted projects you want to see. Gamerse will be a trusted place to see what drops are coming so you are sure to not miss a thing! When people read the acronym LFG, they might be thinking, “Let’s ****ing Go!”, and while Gamerse users will surely be saying that when they experience this amazing ecosystem, in the Gamerse world this stands for “Looking for Group”. Gamerse is the first LFG dedicated to NFT gaming and the metaverse where you can form groups and play games while interacting with group members. It promises to have a user-friendly interface that users will find easy and fun to navigate. The groups you form or join on Gamerse are the heart and soul of the ecosystem. This is why Gamerse exists, to bring people together. It is so foundational to the project that our token ticker is named $LFG, which we will talk about in a bit. The Gamerse marketplace will be like any other NFT marketplace. Gamerse NFTs will have “Flip-card NFTs” that will display NFT name, date minted, a link to the etherscan for the NFT, and the creator of the token. Users won’t need to install Metamask or other wallets to use the Gamerse app and buy and sell NFTs. Not only will you be able to instantly see valuable information about NFTs for sale, but it will be navigation will be easy and lend itself to new users, especially those who don’t know anything about crypto wallets.There are a variety of features in the marketplace and users can exchange NFTs found through multiple searches and filters including categories and brands, followers, hot listings, discovery searches and customized feeds. Like other platforms, you will be able to set fixed prices, accept bids, or auction off NFTs. NFT transactions can be made using Ethereum or fiat, but the best way to exchange them will be through the LFG token.
We are excited to announce JuggerWORLD, the place where the #BSC Community Trades NFTs.JuggerWORLD is our new BSC Exclusive NFT Exchange, and it is live right now!  NFTs on the Binance Smart Chain are starting to get hot, and the community was asking for a place to trade them outside of the Ethereum Network. That’s why we have created JuggerWORLD. Buy, sell and trade art, trading cards and other types of collectibles on the Binance Smart Chain! Create is coming very soon too! To jumpstart this new NFT Exchange we have an exclusive BSC collection available at launch. It features 7 different cards with Juggy (our sassy lion) in different BSC ecosystems of projects we have partnered with, such as PancakeSwap, Thugs or Beefy. Official BSC Partnership Collection cards: In order to use our NFT Exchange, you will need a BEP-20 compatible wallet with at least BNB to cover for gas fees and use the exchange. Then, you’ll have to connect the wallet to JuggerWORLD, and (optionally) create a profile.After that, you’ll be free to explore our platform! -Network Name: Binance Smart Chain-Network RPC URL:  ID: 56 (if 56 doesn’t work, try 0x38)-Symbol: BNB-Block Explorer URL:  -Network Name: Binance Smart Chain-Network RPC URL:  ID: 56 (if 56 doesn’t work, try 0x38)-Symbol: BNB-Block Explorer URL: . Have enough BNB and BEP-20 JGN to cover for gas fees and NFT costs.3. (Optional) Create a profile: 4. Enjoy JuggerWORLD, a BSC Exclusive NFT Exchange! JuggerWORLD is live now on v1, with features such as NFT trading, profile creation, my collection, sharing or profile searching. We have plans to expand the reach of the NFT Exchange with two upcoming features: We are excited about the possibilities of NFTs on the Binance Smart Chain. Our vision is to make JuggerWORLD the place for the BSC community to trade NFTs, as well as make it an open & interoperable NFT exchange, where users of different networks & ecosystems can cohexist, opening new opportunities for the crypto space and giving artists around the world a voice so their creations are heard across the world.
MADworld launched the first round of its MADminds PFP (profile picture) NFTs on PAID Network’s NFT launchpad, ApolloX on Saturday November 20, 2021. MADworld allocated 400 Virtual Genius MADminds out of the 1111 total to PAID Network’s users. This private offering completely sold out in under 2 minutes on ApolloX. This significant accomplishment — and the speed at which these sold — proves there is heavy demand in the market for MADworld’s Virtual Genius MADminds and everyone should be prepared to mint theirs when the minting mechanism opens for allowlist winners on Monday, November 22 at 2:00 PM UTC (10:00PM Hong Kong Time). In addition, MADworld has run multiple allowlist campaigns across its wider community. Those allowlists winners will be granted early access to purchase their MADmind NFT on the MADmind dedicated micro site. Allowlist winners can start minting MADmind NFTs on Monday, November 22 at 2:00 PM UTC (10:00PM Hong Kong Time). Allowlist announcements will be made periodically across the MADworld community channels such as Twitter, Discord, Telegram, and Medium.Access to mint will be based on wallet addresses. All those who entered the allowlist lottery can find out if they have won an allowlist slot by going straight to the MADminds dedicated micro site on Monday, November 22 at 2:00 PM UTC and entering their wallet address into the minting mechanism. All those who entered to win a slot on the allowlist should head to MADminds.MADworld.io and attempt to mint their MADmind NFT. Each allowlist winner will be allowed to mint one MADmind during the early minting period and able to relist on Opensea after the public sale completes and the NFTs have been distributed to buyers. Those who hope to purchase more than one MADmind NFT will be able to purchase additional NFTs during the public minting period.MADminds NFTs are a series based on eight of the greatest minds in history. The Virtual Genius NFTs will enshrine Albert Einstein as the greatest genius throughout the multiverse, and as the first in a set of eight great thinkers to be offered to the MADworld community as NFTs.For each of the eight MADminds, MADworld will commission 1,111 unique NFTs. Future MADminds to be enshrined in the multiverse will be launched as part of a greater MADminds project with identical rarity levels and amounts, bringing the total MADmind NFT project quantity to 8,888 completely unique assets. All MADminds have been selected and approved but will be announced at later dates. Keep an eye out for opportunities to access future whitelists as these great thinkers are announced.All MADmind characters are created by renowned comic artist Pat Lee, who has hand-drawn each character’s unique features used to customize all NFT pieces and distinguish rarities.Each group of 1,111 MADminds will be broken up into three tiers, with each tier integrating different attributes and complexity to increase rarity:1. #3 LEGENDARY NFTs2. #108 EPIC NFTs3. #1000 RARE NFTsDifferent utility will be attributed to each tier of rarity, including $UMAD token allocations ranging from USD $800 to $8,000, providing extended value to those lucky owners of the more rare MADminds. To learn more about the elements of utility offered with these NFTs, please read our Medium post announcing the MADminds series.
Mark Cuban, 0xb1 and Six Leading Technology VC Firms invest in Pioneering Team led by Jeff Marsilio — Former SVP of New Media at NBA MIAMI, March 23, 2021 — Nifty’s, Inc. today announced the close of a pre-seed round supporting the rapid development of the first NFT-focused social media platform that brings together premium publishers, brands and creators with collectors, curators and fans. The innovative platform will allow members to create, collect, discover, and curate the most important digital art and other collectables from across the scattered NFT universe. Nifty’s is led by co-founder and CEO Jeff Marsilio, former SVP of new media at the NBA, where he led the league’s digital licensing business and was instrumental in numerous landmark fan engagement experiences, including the league’s social media partnerships, virtual reality game broadcasts and the NFT phenomenon NBA Top Shot.“Our vision for Nifty’s is to enable anyone with a passion for digital collectibles to be a part of a vibrant community and engage in an exciting new art scene filled with galleries and personal interactions that are unconstrained by the limitations of physical location,” said Jeff Marsilio, CEO and co-founder of Nifty’s. “We are proud to have several of the most influential investors in technology share our vision.”Nifty’s has secured financial backing in a pre-seed round from high-profile technology and blockchain investors including Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban and secretive DeFi investor and NFT “whale” known solely as 0xb1. Institutional investors participating in the round are Draper Dragon, a new fund in stealth led by Joseph Lubin, founder and CEO of ConsenSys and co-founder of Ethereum,Polychain, Tally Capital, Liberty City Ventures, and Future Positive which is led by Biz Stone, co-founder of Twitter and Medium, and Fred Blackford, co-founder of Swing Technologies.“Nifty’s provides exactly what the digital collectibles space needs next as it evolves into much more than a creative marketplace — namely community and social engagement,” said Mark Cuban, serial entrepreneur and owner of the Dallas Mavericks. “As an NBA team owner I saw how Jeff leveraged technology to dramatically increase fan engagement on a global basis, and am thrilled to be involved in building this community at the center of the NFT ecosystem.”The capital infusion has permitted the company to acquire the technology stack of DeFi and NFT viral hit MEME Protocol. MEME co-founders Jordan Lyall, Chris Your, and Eric Tesenair will join Nifty’s as co-founders. Mr. Lyall, serving as CPO, was previously DeFi product lead at ConsenSys, and Messrs. Your and Tesenair, formerly lead developers at Dragonchain, will become VP of design and VP of engineering respectively. The trio join two more co-founders, COO Jeremy Drane who was CCO at Lukka and was previously a founding member of PwC’s blockchain practice, and CGO John Scianna, the former head of growth at QTUM. The team has also made its first hire, Shanon Kelley as VP of partnerships. Ms. Kelley was formerly CRO of NTWRK and head of experiential at VICE Media, where she was also the founder and publisher of Broadly.The Nifty’s platform, which will officially launch later this spring, will eliminate technological and economic barriers to enable anyone to access, share and enjoy digital collectibles while connecting directly with creators and other community members. The platform will establish a central home for the collectible content of publishers, brands, creators, and collectors, and the communities that will emerge around them. Leveraging MEME Protocol’s technology, Nifty’s will provide creators with a premium, powerful, flexible and safe platform to launch their NFTs.“We are excited to utilize the robust technology that has made MEME Protocol such a success — with advanced NFT creators and enthusiasts — to offer the new Nifty’s community sophisticated content and experiences that simultaneously make the space more accessible and inclusive,” said Jordan Lyall, CPO and co-founder of Nifty’s. “It is important to Chris, Eric and me that our MEME community knows we will remain involved, and that what we have built together will continue to be their space for innovation and fun.”Nifty’s will be hosting its formal opening of curated galleries later this spring. To stay in touch or find out more, please visit www.niftys.com and follow @niftys on Twitter.
AMA Live ReviewTime: July 30, 18:00–19:00 (GMT+8)Venue: Jinse Finance Live RoomThe following content is a review of this AMA Hello, dear friends and host, I am very happy to be a guest at Jinse Finance. I am 大岛巖, the CMO of N.Fans. I have worked as a business consultant and professional investor. As the founder of a large Japanese bank and technology financial company, I hava 12 years of industry experience in the IT industry. N.Fans is a new blockchain-based digital collection game platform for Japanese influencers. It includes photos of various well-known artists, moment casting and sales, and NFT of well-known animations. It implements NFT and tokenization for subcultures such as pop and entertainment, and helps fans’ NFT to circulate, confirm and exercise rights, and so on, so as to build a trading platform for global participants. 大岛巖: It can be said that if cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum are used as trading tokens, then NFT is more like a counterpart to the concept of “items” in the real world. And Metaverse, a virtual world built on the blockchain, a decentralized platform that allows players to enjoy ownership and autonomy. Through the immersive experience, the virtual is closer to reality. 大岛巖: Games, art, domain names, collectibles, virtual assets, real assets, identities, and more have NFT applications. NFT allows people to see infinite possibilities. If bitcoin has brought a revolution of financial sovereignty, then NFT has brought a revolution of digital asset ownership, which may push the entire blockchain ecology to incredible heights and dimensions. Today, an NFT is no longer a “pure” digital asset, but rather a symbol of ownership, and having an NFT means having a claim on the underlying asset. We choose the form of blind box to cater to global customers.Given that global users are increasingly interested in NFT, blind boxes are more effectively aligned with local consumer behavior. In the future, we will also consider joining group buying to promote our NFT artworks, which is similar to Pinduoduo’s e-commerce model. As we continue to release blind boxes, we will keep prices at a reasonable level to attract new customers into the NFT world. We also include NFS tokens in the blind box to reward customers. After users have collected all the NFT fragments, they can use our platform to integrate the fragments into a complete NFT and receive platform rewards in NFS tokens. The user can also redeem this NFT to obtain the artist’s physical artwork, including the user’s unique signature. After redemption, the corresponding NFT status will change to “Redeemed”. Users can also choose to keep NFTs instead of receiving physical artworks to maintain the economic value of the art in the secondary market. 大岛巖: In my opinion, the NFT and blockchain encryption fields mainly address the scarcity and uniqueness of numbers, digital property rights, large-scale coordination across virtual environments, and systems that protect user privacy. In the “Metaverse”, NFT brings digital uniqueness and verifiability, completely disrupting a range of objects such as art, collectibles, games, etc. It also adds important independence and uniqueness to the Metaverse. The NFT allows the Metaverse to exist in an open, trust-free form and enables decentralized ownership. 大岛巖: At present, various Metaverse products are in droves, and developers are beginning to incorporate various elements and concepts. And our N.Fans and the animation industry big IP “Naruto” officially reached a strategic cooperation, integrating blind boxes, 3D NFT, NFT collectibles and other popular gameplay. Users can purchase blind boxes, burn tokens, and collect NFTs to enter the economic system with tokens that continue to deflate and collect NFTs. This is a recyclable economic system, relying on Naruto’s background and rich character creation, and constructing a Metaverse through social tokens. N.Fans is the first time in the history of blockchain to successfully try animation character materials, and the highly anticipated Metaverse and NFT projects. In the future, N.Fans will explore more fields and reach cooperation with more IPs; N.Fans is more widely used in Metaverse scenes. 大岛巖: From the investment point of view, NFT is still in the early stage, and the market is chaotic because of continuous attempts. If security is considered, please choose the NFT team with strong financial strength, strong team strength, and self-insight to give the ability to invest. In the virtual world, NFT is indeed a more attractive investor.Although NFT currently only has players in the currency circle, the effect of the NFT is extremely powerful, including the game circle, the art circle, the film and television circle, and the music circle are all potential NFT players. The enthusiasm in the currency market is gradually sluggish and the concept of NFT continues to spread outside the circle, and more and more well-known players join NFT. Users can purchase blind boxes, burn tokens and collect NFTs to enter the economic system. It is a circular economic system, based on naruto’s background and rich characterization, that constructs a Metaverse through social transportation. In the history of blockchain, N.Fans is the first successful attempt to cartoon character material, and attract the great attention of the Metaverse project. In the future, N.Fans will explore more fields and more IP cooperation, making N.Fans more widely used in Metaverse scenarios. 大岛巖: N.Fans is an ecological aggregation platform based on the combination of NFT+DEFI based on blockchain technology. Based on blockchain technology, it has built a liberalized, transparent and decentralized cultural and entertainment ecosystem integrating NFT creation, promotion, consumption and payment resource management. N.Fans has brought together the world’s top talents in blockchain, culture and entertainment, computer, digital assets, games and other fields, linking multiple resources with high-end innovative project operation methods and capital investment ideas. Aimed at creating an entrance to leverage NFT and the non-fungible real world, the platform connects diversified NFT assets through the construction of standardized protocols, creates a more perfect ecological environment for all NFT assets, and becomes the infrastructure for blockchain technology to map the real world. In the future, N.Fans will explore more fields and more IP cooperation, making N.Fans more widely used in Metaverse scenarios.
One of the primary drawbacks of NFTs which have stunted its mass adoption is the lack of interoperability and liquidity. Users buying an NFT are not able to directly encash the NFT for a corresponding tradeable cryptocurrency token, and thus have to rely solely on secondary market trades or personal exchange.Today, xHashtag is happy to announce the launch of Liquid NFTs on our platform, where we would be releasing various NFT collections based on trending topics and causes. Spearheaded by Monica Durga, our CEO, who is also an evangelist in the Crypto space with several key projects to her name including and Router Protocol and Dfyn.Network, our liquid NFTs based on the Solana ecosystem are set to transform the way we approach NFTs forever. Liquid NFTs are exactly similar to other NFTs in the way they store information. Unlike standard NFTs however, these liquid NFTs are pegged to a value on their corresponding hashtag on the bonding curve, so any time a user wishes to ‘redeem’ their NFT in the absence of a buyer, they get a fixed value of fungible tokens from a common pool, whose value can vary over time.Once a liquid NFT is redeemed, that NFT is burned/destroyed forever in exchange for the corresponding #hashtag token, thus reducing the overall number of NFTs in the collection and driving up the rarity of the remaining tokens. By minting a Selena NFT, you not only get a unique liquid NFT added into your collection but also the ability to ‘cash out’ into $XTAG tokens based on the value determined by the #selena bonding curve. That way, you do not need to worry about your money getting locked into an NFT. As our first NFT release, we are happy to announce the women-centric #Selena Collection. ‘Selena’ comes after the meaning ‘Moon Goddess’ in Greek.Through #Selena, we aim to celebrate women and their valuable contribution to society. We would be releasing 9,999 NFTs in this series, with a few of them having rare traits.These 9,999 NFTs will be algorithmically generated, with a distribution pattern as follows:99 NFTs would be gifted to women leaders in the crypto space, chosen based on their contribution to society. These women would also be invited to be a part of the Selena Senate, a panel that decides where and how the funds generated would be utilized.100 NFTs would be given to the general public through an Airdrop on our social channels500 NFTs with unique traits would be auctioned off to the highest bidders.9300 NFTs would be sold with a fixed price (1 SOL) in a staggered format, available for the general public on the Liquid NFT Minting Portal on xHashtag.At xHashtag, we have always been socially conscious, and will always be. We have earmarked 30% of the sales(Generated from sales of the #Selena NFT) towards funding a Women Empowerment initiative chosen by a panel of eminent women in the crypto space.
Although the concept of DEFI has been proposed in projects as early as 2017, due to liquidity, DEFI has never achieved a real development. Until 2020, the concept of “liquidty mining” is put forward, and DEFI-decentralized finance has ushered in a huge development. We often discuss how to use cryptocurrency or DEFI to influence the physical world, and build a [Crypto-to-Crypto] blockchain world in the complex real world. The emergence of NFT builds a bridge for this. Since the popularity of CryptoKitties in 2017, thanks to the development of DEFI, the NFT, that has been silent for more than two years, has returned to people’s vision. NFT+DEFI is creating a miracle. The combination NFT and the incentives of FT promotes the encryption world to enter the stage of [connecting with the real world]. The “metaverse” is the ultimate manifestation of this ecosystem. Almost everyone is attracted by the “metaverse” and scrambles to build their own kingdom on the digital network, but ignores the necessary condition of the “universe” — a reasonable economic system. With the rise of countless “uninhabited islands”, these projects lacking “digital natives” eventually turned into historical bubbles. The great journey is never done overnight. Before we try to understand why these projects fail, let us understand the characteristics of the metaverse.Characteristics of the meta universe✔ Sustainability: The world can exist forever without stopping✔ Real-time: Able to maintain real-time and synchronization with the real world, and have all the forms of the real world✔ Compatibility: It can accommodate group and things of any size, anyone can enter✔ Economic attributes: There is a fully operational economic system that can support transactions, payments, and labor to create income, etc.✔ Connectivity: Digital assets, social relationships, objects, etc. can run through various virtual worlds, and can be converted between “virtual world” and “real world”✔ Creativity: The content in the virtual world can be created by any individual user or group userAlthough NFT based on blockchain technology satisfies multiple attributes of the metaverse, the limitations of NFT itself are also obvious. Different from FT, the liquidity and value of NFT cannot support the most basic economic attributes of the metaverse. When an ecology lacks a basic economic model, then it is doomed to fail in the end.The prototype of the “metaverse” based on DEFI Facts have proved that the development of NFT is as expected. After CryptoKitties→Decentraland→Axie, NFT has evolved from a pure ERC721 protocol to DEFI and even GameFi. These projects build elements through NFT, use FT to transmit value, and build systems, which have become the prototype of the “metaverse” which is currently the closest. Collectibles and DAO Governance-Indigenous PeopleCoPuppy understands that, in addition to introducing DEFI as the underlying economic system of the metaverse, NFT as the underlying support for collectibles is still the main application direction of current NFT. CoPuppy attracts crypto art lovers as the first indigenous people of the meta universe through its collections. In addition, CoPuppy knows that the spirit of “decentralization” is part of the current Internet and cryptocurrency culture, and the emergence of DAO has also greatly promoted the cryptocurrency wave in 2020. This is why recently superstars like Jay-Z bought CryptoPunks. why? Because Ethereum is very interesting and contains opportunities, and one of the most profound and interesting things you can do on Ethereum is to buy a CryptoPunk and join the DAO to participate in community governance. In CoPuppy, if you hold the Genesis Card (a kind of 3D-NFT card of CoPuppy), you have the right to propose and vote for “Puppy Word” (short for CoPuppy). This is a unique right. Combined with NFT DAO governance, it can guarantee the interests of the initial users, and can visualize the rights and interests of users in the project. After all, holding a Genesis Card is far more attractive than holding a large number of FT tokens. Isn’t it?[Play to Earn]-Trailblazer The sales performance of “$20 million in nearly 30 days” has allowed the blockchain game Axie Infinity to enter the vision of Chinese crypto-asset players again. This game is also the project with the highest transaction volume in the NFT market. As of July 8, its daily transaction amount exceeed 20 million dollars.The success of Axie created the [Play to Earn] model. From buying pets to selling pets and their derived rewards, the entire turn depend on encrypted assets. The network Ethereum on which the game is built and its chain assets become indispensable part of it. The success of Axie lies in the ennjoyment through games, increased the viscosity of blockchain users, and cultivated a solid group of intermediate users, who are the pioneers of the “metaverse”. The rich links in the game increase the consumption of tokens and indirectly lock a large amount of liquidity, which is also the source of AXS’s continuous rise.CoPuppy also absorbs the essence of [Play to Earn], “Puppy Battle” (the 2D card game in CoPuppy) allows users to choose different teams, buy their own NFT dogs, lock tokens, and wear gem pledges to gain income. Each dog has its own unique attributes, upgrades, mining, breeding and other links increase the circulation of $CP (CoPuppy’s native token). The game “blazers” not only can gain income by combining different types of 2D NFT cards, but also feed back to the “indigenous people”. 3D NFT holders can continue to receive dividends from the game. This design strengthens the relationship between different sectors. NFT Finance-InnovatorxDue to the lack of liquidity support for NFT, each NFT cannot be accurately valued, and therefore cannot be integrated with financial products, limiting its own development. Although, projects represented by DEGO and Treasureland are working on NFT fragmentation and a reasonable buy-out mechanism to convert the originally unpriceable NFT into a priceable NFT to solve the above problems, but this will be a long-term process. CoPuppy is also actively participating in this, acting as an NFT innovator. Doggo Finance (CoPuppy’s financial derivatives platform) built a series of financial derivatives around CoPuppy NFT, and proposed two sets of valuation systems, the lowest reasonable value of 3D-NFT and the built-in lock value of 2D-NFT, which are used to evaluate the NFT in CoPuppy, and on this basis, launched the NFT lending platform.CoPuppy also has a trading platform specially developed for NFT game customization services, so they can attract more projects to join the “Puppy world” metaverse.SummaryCoPuppy has built a metaverse ecology conform to the current development of NFT+DEFI around collectibles, games, and finance. Relying on BSC (Binance Smart Chain), it will become the most anticipated NFT project on BSC.
Dear players,Check out today’s blog to take a closer look at the latest news from our ecosystem.In two weeks there were various events that had a positive effect on the token. The first and most important listing on the exchanges, followed by the introduction of the Affiliate program, as well our collaboration with influencers and of course premium membership. Continue to read for more details. Over the past 2 weeks we have been listed on several exchanges:CEX:KuCoinGateDEX:UniSwapPancakeSwap (BSC)QuickSwapNevertheless, we are constantly working on new possible contracts.If you are not familiar with the token yet but want to know more about it, we suggest to check out $IOI Token Utilities: ⁃ Purchase NFTs with $IOI Tokens in the marketplace⁃ Monthly BUYBACKs⁃ Huge Ingame rewards⁃ Onchain Staking⁃ NFT drops for holdersDiscover all $IOI Token utilities at:  analyses IOI / USDT Weekly Report here The last days have been eventful in the world of TRM and one of the most interesting news is the promotion of the special #RichArmy $IOI Affiliate program Become Rich like Mr. Rich. As you may know, Mr. Rich avatar is the best and most profitable avatar. So we decided to give Mr. Rich for free and help our community maximize profit. How does Mr. Rich Affiliate program work?With Mr. Rich avatar you will get 20% of the price from each NFT purchased by your Affiliate. Profits are distributed instantly after the sale. Your reward currency is based on what payment type your affiliate chooses. If your affiliate chooses to pay with $IOI you get a reward in $IOI. If your affiliate chooses $Polygon payment your rewards are in $Polygon.You can register for the program on our Affiliate page. Join telegram group $IOI Affiliate for more discussion about the Affiliate program. This week TRM made hot announcement — new NFT limited crypto influencers' bundles. We are more than happy to welcome Ash WSB, Tehmoonwalker, Daomaker, Cryptowizard, Parabolic Guy, Kyle Chasse, Shreyansh Singh to our NFT race team. Influences make the NFT industry even more attractive and interesting, which makes people learn more about NFT opportunities.Here some of the benefits that you will receive with our special edition of custom NFT car and avatar:⁃ Fixed 6 % ROI in $IOI⁃ Free to play ROI up to 13 600 %⁃ 10 % Affiliate Avatar reward from NFT turnoverDo not forget that our offer is limited — only 100 pieces from each bundle available. Purchase available via $IOI or $MATIC. Last but not least, don't miss our special 1-year Premium membership offer with a 30 % price discount and FREE NFT Bronze car + NFT Avatar.
In the month of November 2021, MADworld is expected to publicly launch the first MADminds NFTs of a series based on eight of the greatest minds in history. The Virtual Genius NFTs will enshrine Albert Einstein as the greatest genius throughout the multiverse, and as the first in a set of eight great thinkers to be offered to the MADworld community as an NFT.Albert Einstein is the perfect MADmind to launch this series because of his breakthroughs in theoretical physics, developing the theory of relativity, and transforming the way humanity perceives concepts of time and space.For each of the eight MADminds, MADworld will commission 1,111 unique NFTs. Future MADminds to be enshrined in the multiverse will be launched as part of a greater MADminds project with identical rarity levels and amounts, bringing the total MADmind NFT project quantity to 8,888 completely unique assets. All MADminds have been selected and approved but will be announced at later dates. Keep an eye out for opportunities to access future whitelists as these great thinkers are announced.All MADmind characters are created by renowned comic artist Pat Lee, who has hand-drawn each character’s unique features used to customize all NFT pieces and distinguish rarities.STRUCTURE OF RARITY LEVELSEach group of 1,111 MADminds will be broken up into three tiers, with each tier integrating different attributes and complexity to increase rarity: Different utility will be attributed to each tier of rarity, providing extended value to those lucky owners of the more rare MADminds. Elements of the utility which have been decided to date include the following:RARE TIER UTILITY EPIC TIER UTILITY LEGENDARY TIER UTILITY Additional LEGENDARY NFT utility will demonstrate MADworld’s proprietary capability of fusing NFTs with physical artwork by offering a lifesize version of the MADmind Virtual Genius design.The LEGENDARY RARITY NFTs of the series perfectly align with MADworld’s mission to pair physical artwork with digital NFTs, strengthening the overall consumer experience and security of physical NFTs. LEGENDARY rarity Virtual Genius NFT by Pat LeeAdditionally, any individual who collects one LEGENDARY rarity from all eight of the MADmind series drops will receive a yet-to-be-announced customized NFT experience from the MADworld platform.
We have decided to run Private Sale for our loyal community members who believe in our vision the most!Private sale process will run from 27th October to 31th October, the way it will work is as follows: Earn up to 6.25 NFC (Estimated value 0.05 ETH) and 1.25 NFC/refferalNFTs Foundation is airdroping a minimum of 0.05 ETH worth of NFC tokens to the airdrop participants. Complete simple social tasks and submit your details to the airdrop form to receive the rewards. Rewards will be distribute 30th Nov 2020Airdrop Form
It’s almost a certainty that, unless you’ve been totally isolated on a desert island out in the Pacific, you have at one point over the past year heard the term ‘NFT’. Although they’ve been around since 2014, popularity for non-fungible tokens (NFTs) have exploded this year, surging to new highs with $2.5 billion in sales since the start of 2021. Clearly, NFTs are causing a splash and we believe this is just the beginning.But what exactly are NFTs? What are some of the current problems in the space, and how is WEYU looking to solve them in order to provide everyone equal accessibility to the revolutionary technology that NFTs bring to our future? Let’s explore! What even is an NFT?NFT stands for non-fungible token. In essence, an NFT is a collectible digital asset, which holds value as a form of cryptocurrency, much like Bitcoin or Ethereum. However, unlike coins stored on these blockchains, an NFT is totally unique and therefore can’t be exchanged like-for-like. The ‘non-fungibility’ of NFTs enable them to act like physical collector’s items, only digitally, opening a vast range of use cases that include owning pieces of art, music, tweets and infinitely more.What are the key issues facing the current NFT market?A fragmented marketplaceIn the NFT space today, there are more questions than answers. Sure, you may have heard about NFTs, but understanding how they work and where to find them has become increasingly more difficult for the average internet user. Even buying or selling NFTs is complicated. One reason for this is due to fragmentation within the market, which has only increased thanks to the rapid growth in NFT popularity. Currently, several marketplaces using multiple blockchains, all of which have their own token standards and unique platform processes, is what is causing fragmentation within the ecosystem. If it sounds overly complex then you’re right, because presently it is.Buying & selling NFTs is complicated…. for now.Both buyers and sellers face problems in today’s NFT ecosystem. Currently, no platform allows you to buy and sell across multiple blockchains, and because a majority of NFT platforms are focused on the creation of NFTs rather than operating a marketplace, they frequently have a poor user experience. These include second-rate interfaces, lacking customer support channels, limited payment methods, non-transparent fee structures and an absence of verification of authenticity. In addition, none of the popular NFT platforms provide intuitive onboarding guidance, making things even more complicated. All of these limitations act as a barrier towards mass adoption of non-fungible tokens. That is, until now.What solutions does WEYU bring to the NFT market?WEYU is on track to become the first multi-chain platform for the NFT resale market, offering a new network that solves key issues facing the NFT market today. So, what solutions does WEYU bring to the table?1. User-experience — more than an obsession.It’s all about the customer, which is why WEYU is committed to building the most user-friendly platform that provides first-class user experience. Through data-driven UI/UX, the WEYU design team is able to continuously adapt and improve features and tools that benefit buyers, sellers and community members. Multiple currency payment options, advanced search algorithms and historical data make buying NFTs hassle-free, while multiple listing options, varied category listings and WEYU token membership options provide support to sellers. All of these features are backed up by advanced customer support systems, delivering an unrivalled experience to anyone interested in the NFT market.2. Multi-chain functionality with multi-blockchainsThe WEYU platform will enable a wide range of users to effortlessly search, buy and sell NFTs regardless of which blockchain, platform or token standard they were minted on. This multi-chain functionality sits at the heart of WEYU, allowing interoperability between blockchains and facilitating cross-communication — a key solution to making NFTs more attractive globally. WEYU will launch with advanced accessibility and will include at least five blockchains as well as several NFT standards. The future of NFTs is mass adoptionRegardless of where you come from or how you want to participate, WEYU is making it easier for everyone to come together and enjoy the world of NFTs. Whether you’re looking to buy, sell or become a part of a burgeoning community, WEYU is addressing critical issues faced by the industry with future-proof solutions that pave the way for the mass adoption of non-fungible tokens. And, oh boy, is WEYU ready to steer the ship.Be a part of the WEYU journey to change the NFT space once and for all 🚀. Thank you for reading and see you in our next post. In the meantime, stay up to date across our other social channels.
KingSwap Opens Beta Token Swap Mode for Non-NFT Users — Layer 2 Implementation Stage 1 New Beta Mode for users who want to Swap their Old ERC-20 $KING to New ERC-20 $KING or USDT Available at 12:00 PM GMT+8, 14/1/2021Behold your Majesties,👑KingSwap is pleased to commence our newly launch Beta Token Swap Mode — Layer 2 Implementation (Stage 1) as the kickstart of our Token swap program which allows our OLD ERC-20 $KING token holders who have the Old $KING Token but did not purchase any NFTs a chance to swap their old $KING tokens first for the new ones.For the Old $KING Token to New $KING Token Swap Beta phase, KingSwap will allow the user’s to swap a Maximum allocation amount of 10,000 $KING Token at 10 Slots with a 1:1 Ratio.It will be a first come first serve basis for the allocation and the slots will vary from time to time as we transition to full-scale deployment.The new $KING Token Swap Beta phase requires no NFTs for this swap method.For those users who are holding onto NFTs, there will be a higher swapping ratio for each tier of NFTs that they hold. However, this will be rolled out in the next couple of days as KingSwap’s development team evaluates the results from the non-NFT beta conversion.Additionally, The KingSwap Development team has also completed the creation of a $KING to USDT conversion feature which lets users convert their old $KING tokens to USDT as well.The main objective of this Beta Phase is to allow KingSwap Non-NFTs holders to swap only because once the users staked with their NFTs, it will be locked for 100 days.KingSwap is in the midst of finalizing the appropriate APY and we understand users are eager to have their old $KING tokens swapped as soon as possible, and may not be keen to have their NFT swaps locked for 100 days while the APY has not stabilized. Hence, KingSwap created this Beta version solely for Non-NFT holders who wish to swap out their old $KING to new $KING, or non-NFTs holders and NFTs can convert their old $King Tokens to USDT at offered conversion prices and daily slots. Please be aware that once the token swap has occurred, you will be unable to convert them back to the Old ERC20 $KING Tokens.ABOUT KINGSWAP’S LAYER 2 IMPLEMENTATION PROGRESSIn summary, Kingswap’s Layer 2 Implementation will:
Today we’re going to explain step by step, how to participate in the NFTmall GEM Token Private Sale Round B on April 29 at18:00 UTC. The officially supported web3 wallet to participate in this presale is the MetaMask wallet. You’ll need to add a new Network by following this guide. The URL of the token sale page is  If your address is whitelisted, then, this is the UI you’re going to see: If you are not whitelisted, then, unfortunately, you won’t be able to participate in this presale: Make sure your wallet address is on the whitelist.  Make sure to set a high gas fee to confirm your transaction faster.
Get your chance to have First Literature NFT in the world.
💝 If you are a football fan who is looking to make profits from NFT games, the following game is meant for you. The next name in the top blockchain game series we would like to introduce to you is Sorare.❄ What is Sorare?Sorare is a blockchain-based virtual football game where players create and manage a virtual football team by using digital player cards. The goal is to beat other users’ teams and gain the most points daily.❄ How to play?Sorare has certified players from more than 100 football teams of various football leagues. Users will create their own team by buying NFT player cards, after which you can sign up for some tournaments such as the Rookie tournaments or the regional division 4 leagues. You can field new teams every week by using the player cards in your account.❄ Earning mechanismAt the end of the week, points earned from the game will be calculated based on football players’ real-life performance, and Sorare users with the most points will be eligible for the reward of a rare card and a certain amount of ETH.❄ PotentialIn February 2021, Sorare landed a sponsorship deal worth $50 million for Series A, with the participation of top football players. Also, Sorare is planning on extending their team, working on the mobile app and trying to collaborate with as many football teams and leagues as possible.In March, Sorare’s Christano Ronaldo NFT card has been sold at almost $290,000. This proves Sorare has great potential for further growth as football is always the most popular sport and NFT is rising as the newest craze in the world.🍀Let’s give Sorare a try if you have free time and are a football fan to not only fulfill your passion for football but also make profits from it.And don’t forget to livestream your favorite game on our platform Kinglive NFT Streaming . We have a huge community who care about NFT for you to grow your own community, to learn and share experiences as well as in-game assets.👉Join us at: 
Acquisition Royale is our play-2-earn battle royale NFT game themed around mergers and acquisitions. We recently launched The Founding, where you can mint Enterprise NFTs which you’ll need in order to play the game. ⚔️👨‍💼💰To celebrate this launch, we’re excited to announce that we have partnered with Cometh to give away 🎁 8 free Enterprise NFTs 🎁 to members of both Discord communities. By joining both Discord servers you will be automatically entered in the giveaway! ✅Winners will be announced next month. Good luck! 🎉 Cometh is a groundbreaking strategy game on Polygon set in a persistent and sustainable space-inspired metaverse. It is the ultimate space adventure allowing players to explore the galaxy and mine precious tokens.Cometh is a DeFi powered game with yield generating NFTs. The main in-game currency is the MUST ⚗️ token, which is an ERC20 utility token that fuels the Cometh Metaverse. MUST can be used to play Cometh, rent spaceship NFTs, and can be staked to mint NFTs.Website | Twitter
Project Name: Lazy LionsRating: 9.3Mint Price: 0.05 ETHCurrent Floor Price: 1.47 ETHNo. of Owners: 5K+Volume Traded: 24.2k ( at the time of writing)Where can you buy the Lazy Lions collection? ProfilesDiscord:   Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs) are regarded as the most advanced concept of modern times that have emerged from blockchain technology. They provide numerous benefits, such as, secure digital content, provide provenance, and encode conditional transactions, all of which are embedded within the blockchain.Lazy Lions first made an appearance on August 7th, 2021. Consequently, four friends from Sydney, Australia, turned their attention to the NFT market, while under lockdown. There are four additional members in the team, namely, Ashur, Anlion, Nine, and Nin. The art was created by rizzio.eth.The idea was inspired by the creators’ cultural heritage, especially since a lion symbolizes magnificent strength within the ancient Assyrian society.On the other hand, Lions have a broad cultural appeal since they are commonly regarded as the “King of the Jungle.’’ Additionally, they have been serving as a vital indicator of strength for generations.Lazy Lions is a ‘blue-chip NFT’ — which means NFTs with longevity and predicted to be present in the upcoming 5–10 years. It is hosted on the Ethereum blockchain and has algorithmically generated over 160 different traits, thereby joining the top rank of NFT collections, such as CryptoPunks and the Bored Ape Yacht Club. This NFT collection managed to sell out within 5 hours, with 3,000–4,000 people in the sale.In total, there are nine 1-of-1 Lazy Lion NFTs — all of which are displayed below: As of now, Lazy Lions is ranked 36th in terms of all-time sales across blockchain platforms, as per CryptoSlam data. Lazy Lions has a cumulative sales volume of over 24.2k ETH and 5000 owners. Following its introduction, the average price of the Lazy Lions collection skyrocketed. This success was further fueled by organic development and its addition of numerous high-profile names, including entertainer Ja Rule in September, followed by renowned influencer Jake Paul and NBA player Tyrese Haliburton — just to name a few. .Back in September, the company that produces Arizona Ice Tea joined as well. As a result, these actions assisted the rise of Lazy Lions’ floor price, which eventually reached an all-time high of 3.67 ETH on October 1st, 2021.Unfortunately, as of October 2021, the average price has been declining as the NFT sector entered a bear market. Due to this, it eventually reached an all-time low of below 1 ETH on December 5th. The rise of Lazy Lions demonstrates its ability to create a solid community and give back. Each lion owner is referred to as the “King” or “Queen”, thereby emphasizing inclusivity. Lazy Lions’ goals are supported through community funds.Here are some perks for the holders: The ROARwards program is one that allows Lazy Lion holders to earn ETH for community activity. It was also one of the early driving force for the projects development. Each month new objectives are assigned for the users to complete, so that they could be considered for rewards. More information about this could be found on their Discord channel.Rather than distributing massive amount of money to celebrities and influencers, Lazy Lion holders decided that it would be better to allocate it amongst their members, in recognition of community-driven marketing. Image cred: OpenSeaIn November, the project released the Bungalows dApp, which provides each Lazy Lions owner with a unique and randomly generated private bungalow to showcase their NFTs.Bungalows can be used as a Twitter banner image for the purpose of showing off, not just for Lions, but any object from your NFT collection. Honestly, this is such a great way for NFT art projects to show some unique utility and expansion to their collection. It goes beyond just being a standard JPEG. Clearly this helped drive activity in the community, and for a prospective investor, VALUE. Following the popularity of Lazy Lions, the team introduced collectibles as a way for new NFT members to get involved in the community. It will grant them the chance of joining the pride without having to spend money on the floor.Furthermore, Lazy Lion owners gain unique access to a private island in the Sandbox, thanks to developer funds used to purchase land in the metaverse. The private island also provides holders with a virtual experience and will be used in exploring web3 possibilities. With an ERC-20 token on the horizon, the future of Lazy Lions’ looks bright, albeit the team has previously stated that they will not publish a token until the utility is proven. A play-to-earn game is also planned to solidify the project’s status as a “blue-chip NFT.”
In 2021, NFTs became one of the hottest topics in crypto. Global publications devote front pages to NFT assets, sports stars invest in them, and even schoolkids make a fortune. However, this bright and rewarding side is easily countered by money laundering and harsh regulatory policies. Let’s boil down these cutting-edge laundering technologies. In March, Mike Winkelman’s, aka Beeple, NFT was auctioned off at Christie’s for $69.3 million. Overnight he joined the cohort of the highest-paid artists alive. Nowadays, Banksy, Pablo Picasso, and Andy Warhol paintings are being turned into NFT, and traditional artists are divided into two camps: some, like Damien Hirst, see a new promising direction, while others, like David Hockney, call the NFT segment “the abode of crooks and swindlers.”Hockney’s supporters believe, not unreasonably, that the NFT technology can exacerbate the existing problems of the art industry, which has long been called an ideal platform for money laundering. The art trade industry’s enormous turnover and traditional ways make it attractive to criminals who want to legalize untaxed income.Regulation in this area is getting tougher, so launderers are looking for new tools to implement their schemes. NFTs can be one of those tools. The segment of NFTs remains the Wild West — a transit area doomed to be regulated. Money launderers have taken a fancy to the art industry for two main reasons. According to the U.S. Treasury Department, sometimes paintings are brought to exhibitions by representatives, and the owner’s identity remains unknown even to the galleries that organize the sale.Buyers also often use intermediaries to maintain anonymity. For example, when Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman of Saudi Arabia bought Leonardo da Vinci’s painting called Savior of the World from Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev, the deal was concluded on behalf of his friend.Separate attention should be paid to the so-called “free ports,” formally warehouses to maintain goods in transit. In practice, they have become special zones that are not subject to the tax regimes of any particular country, making it possible to evade fees on the art trade.The industry is de facto virtually unregulated, the value of paintings and other works of art is difficult to assess objectively, and dealers can remain anonymous. This allows the market to be used as an improvised laundry for untaxed money. In late 2017, Mauritius-based investment firm Beaufort Securities, later accused of defrauding clients and manipulating stocks, offered a London gallery owner, Matthew Green, an opportunity to make money on the resale of Picasso’s Characters. Even though Greene knew that the funds represented the proceeds of securities fraud, he accepted $9 million in exchange. The gallery owner falsified documents, and the parties simulated a reverse transaction at a lower price.According to UNESCO, the turnover of the underground art trade market reached $8 billion in 2018. Since there is little information on shady transactions, the real numbers could be higher. Naturally, regulators don’t like it. The EU had to integrate the “Fifth Anti-Washing Directive” into their national laws. Under the new rules, galleries, auction houses, and art dealers must collect, store and reveal data on customers, the sources of their funds, and transactions.Secrecy, anonymity, and a lack of regulation create an environment conducive to money laundering and sanctions evasion. Tighter regulation of the physical art trade is already evident, and over time, dealers will be forced into a framework that excludes anonymous transactions. However, NFTs, which are not subject to traditional controls, have appeared on the scene. One Hacker News user called NFTs “the best way in the cryptocurrency world to launder money.” There are no problems with transporting NFTs, they don’t need any physical location, and most industry-focused platforms operate with minimal or no KYC requirements. This opinion is quite popular among community members. After all, what could be easier than “creating a JPEG picture of a rock in five minutes and then ‘selling’ it for $135,000” (perhaps to himself)? Potential money laundering entities may indeed look to NFT marketplaces. The largest of these, OpenSea, identifies customers by Ethereum wallet and allows “private sales” of digital assets. The latter are auctions available only to predefined addresses.Tim Swanson, founder of the consulting firm Post Oak Labs and former director of market research, believes that NFTs are already being used to launder illegal profits and tax evasion.The NFT money laundering mechanism: a known account with a significant tax liability buys the token from an unknown account and then resells it to a third account at a much lower price, taking a loss that offsets the tax liability. This repeats itself over and over again.A cryptocurrency analyst nicknamed Mr. Whale argues that transactions directly related to money laundering have played a big part in the rapid NFT growth. In a column for Bloomberg Law, Matthew Long, an AML expert at analyst firm Quantexa, also noted the appeal of NFTs to money-laundering entities. Digital works of art have a highly flexible value, which plays into the hands of criminals. The NFT market lacks legal regulation in the area of AML — the segment remains a gray area where it’s very easy to “clean” money. Therefore, we should expect an upsurge in laundering transactions with NFTs, especially against the backdrop of tighter regulation of the tangible art market.Such transactions are easy to execute because of the technological nature of NFT. There are no defined criteria for assessing their value. The same can be seen in the tangible art market, making it popular for laundering. However, the real market does have at least approximate criteria for assessing the fair value — the asset’s age, preservation, and the artist’s name are still not measurable when it comes to NFTs.Now, imagine that NFTs aren’t just pictures but virtual farms, movies, short films, gifs, event tickets, or even glimpses of sports history. Expanding further, those can be breeding and racing NFTs. Laundering opportunities thrive here.Lawyers from the New York firm of Kobre & Kim believe the lack of regulation is one of the main problems of the new market. They noted that U.S. regulators have already paid attention to this industry and probably intend to bring it into the legal field. In particular, marketplace operators can be equated to art dealers.U.S. AML laws have recently been expanded and in some cases, may apply to antiques and art dealers. A key question that has not yet been answered is whether these laws will apply to NFTs representing the rights to antiques and art objects. If NFTs are recognized as cryptocurrencies, the operators of the relevant platforms would also be required to comply with AML/KYC as local exchanges implement them.There is also a third option — NFTs, at least some of their varieties, could be recognized as securities. SEC Commissioner Hester Pierce previously announced this. In that case, the Commission would regulate the market directly. The concept of NFTs assumes that tokens are not interchangeable. For that reason, it’s hard to recognize them as securities. But the situation looks less clear-cut for those who create shareable NFTs. That includes those who sell NFT indices. The countries are likely to start regulating the NFT market in terms of AML. They can follow the way of the countries which have already taken the first steps (e.g., Ukraine) or introduce their own requirements, obliging dealers to carry out KYC procedures. Let’s elaborate on that.Former USA Today journalist Isaiah McCall said NFTs are “doomed to be regulated.” If you look at how government agencies have routinely cleaned up the crypto industry, you’ll see that none of its segments, from ICOs to DeFi to Stablecoins, have escaped regulation. NFTs will face a similar fate, making them a challenging money laundering tool.We also have that NFTs, like other digital assets, are issued on a blockchain, which means that their transaction history can be traced if one wants to. It does not favor money laundering either. The seller and buyer of the token can be identified in the “bottleneck” of the alleged scheme — during the conversion of cryptocurrency into fiat.
In preparation for our highly anticipated IDO launch on Cardstarter (official date coming soon!), we are hosting an incredible giveaway for our growing community.It isn’t surprising that NFTs (non-fungible tokens) and digital assets are getting more popular by the day. With that said, we decided to create unique “Red Pill” NFTs to give away to Matrixswap supporters. But… Our Matrixswap Red Pill NFTs are charged with MATRIX tokens ranging from $100 to $500 (pre-sale IDO price 😉). What this means is that you’ll not only have a chance to own an exclusive Matrixswap NFT, but you’ll also receive a mini “airdrop” of MATRIX tokens.This is made possible by our friends over at Charged Particles. The Charged Particles protocol allows users to deposit ERC tokens, in this case, MATRIX tokens, into any NFT.Super cool, right? Your objective: Earn points by completing the required tasks.Prizes: (Tokens are pre-sale IDO price 😉)Total # of Winners: 32Date: Wednesday, August 11th to August 25thThe more entries you can get by completing all of the tasks, the higher your chances of winning an exclusive Red Pill NFT.The Matrixswap team will choose winners at our discretion based on points and tasks completed. NFTs will be sent to the winner’s ETH address they provide. ⚠️ Disclaimer: Be advised that we will never ask you for money. Make sure to follow official channels for announcements. Please be careful of scammers.⚠️ Matrixswap is a fully decentralized virtual-AMM-based perpetual swaps trading protocol deployed on the Polkadot and the Cardano blockchains. Unlike traditional AMMs, users can long or short any assets’ perpetual contracts with up to 25x leverage. Matrixswap aims to be a fully community-owned and governed Defi protocol.
An evolution of Uniswap, KingSwap provides user-friendly features that provide real-time benefits in terms of price curves and contributor rewards.
StartFi is a brand new platform tailored mainly for NFT markets. StartFi offers to empower NFT creators, buyers, and sellers a safe and sound opportunity to own and participate in the ever-changing dynamic NFT markets.StartFi is fully decentralized NFT (non-fungible token) platform that enables NFT creators to create unique digital assets and sell them through Initial NFT Offerings (INOs). As a content creator, you can mint unique NFTs for assets like digital art, music, videos, etc.NFT holders can promote their favorite artists, organize or participate in fan get-togethers and engage like-minded individuals in other creative activities. In return, you will receive rewards and revenue shares in the form of the platform’s native token, STFI.It’s beyond the buying/selling NFT, with MCNs support, Creators incubation and Digital Copyrights Management using NFT. The NFT platform is set to redesign the digital assets monetization space. Here is what makes StartFi truly special: StartFi is on its mission to build a comprehensive platform that includes a dynamic NFT marketplace as well as an upcoming platform that caters to the ever-changing launchpad and lauchpools.
An evolution of Uniswap, KingSwap provides user-friendly features that provide real-time benefits in terms of price curves and contributor rewards.
In order to drive up engagement from TRON users to strengthen the governance of the APENFT platform, APENFT Foundation has decided to airdrop APENFT (NFT) to TRC20-BTC, TRC20-ETH, TRC20-TUSD, TRX, BTT and JST holders on TRON MainNet. The airdrops serve as a positive token incentive by APENFT to the TRON ecosystem.Initial airdrop will commence after the snapshot on June 10, 2021 at 12:00 (UTC). 5% of the total APENFT (NFT) supply will be airdropped to TRC20-BTC, TRC20-ETH, TRC20-TUSD, TRX, BTT and JST holders as rewards. This airdrop will be 5% of total APENFT (NFT) supply, a portion of the 19% for DeFi mining plan.Details are as follows:1% of the total APENFT (NFT) supply will be airdropped in the first month;In the following two years, 4% of the total APENFT (NFT) supply will be airdropped once per month for 24 months.Here’s the timeline for the airdrop:June 10, 2021 at 12:00 (UTC), total airdrop amount: 9,999,900,000,000 NFT;July 10, 2021 at 12:00 (UTC) to June 10, 2023 at 12:00 (UTC), total airdrop amount on 10th of every month: 1,666,650,000,000 NFT;Allocation of APENFT (NFT) to the six currency holders is as follows: Airdrop rules:To ensure fair and just airdrops, all TRON addresses that meet the airdrop criteria are eligible to receive APENFT (NFT) airdrops. Please contact APENFT (NFT) customer support at airdrop@apenft.org if your eligible TRON address fails to receive the APENFT (NFT) airdrop or if you have any question on it. APENFT (NFT) will be airdropped to all the addresses running on TRON’s blockchain that have a TRX balance greater than or equal to 100 TRX, JST balance greater than or equal to 100 JST, BTT balance greater than or equal to 2000 BTT, TRC20-BTC balance greater than or equal to 0.0002 TRC20-BTC, TRC20-ETH balance greater than or equal to 0.003 TRC20-ETH and TRC20-TUSD balance greater than or equal to 7 TRC20-TUSD. It requires no action from users to claim the airdrops and both frozen and unfrozen addresses can receive the airdrops.2. For exchanges and custodial wallets (centralized wallets):Users holding TRC20-BTC, TRC20-ETH, TRC20-TUSD, TRX, BTT and JST on exchanges are eligible to receive NFT airdrops on the condition that the exchange supports the airdrop of APENFT (NFT).Exchanges are advised to follow APENFT’s official Twitter, Blog, Medium and other official channels or contact us through the information provided below for technical and PR support. It is recommended that the exchanges announce the support for NFT airdrops by 12:00 on June 10, 2021 (UTC) and enable APENFT (NFT) trading on May 22, 2021.Since APENFT (NFT) is the governance token of APENFT, if tokens are airdropped to exchanges that do not support the campaign, users will be deprived of the right to govern the NFT platform. Therefore, exchanges must complete technical support and announce the support for the airdrop to be able to receive airdrops from APENFT Foundation. In cases where an exchange misses the airdrops, you may apply for additional airdrops from APENFT. The exchange will receive the airdrops once it passes the qualification check for “redistributing tokens to users on the exchange”.
There is no doubt art exists, it is felt, seen, made and admired. But when it comes to defining something as art people tend to have different opinions and points of view which makes it hard to interpret.Who decides if a picture is considered artistic? Who decides if a painting qualifies as art? It all depends on the emotions of the audience.Let’s take a look a the Stary Night from Vincent Van Gogh. This painting was made in 1888 by a mad genius. A painter who is considered as one of the greatest of his generation (impressionism). It is a representation of the Saint Paule de Mausole monastery and its village.This painting was criticized at first by specialists of the time judging the style to be rough and not precise enough. But other people started to understand the meaning behind the work and realized that this association of colors with the waves in the sky is actually a way for the painters to exteriorize his craziness.When an artist creates art, it is rarely liked by everyone, but rather depends on what they feel once confronted with the creation. This makes art as a whole so hard to master and at times be understood.Defining art is not straightforward, however, we can all agree that art happens with the action of creating and is therefore intertwined with the meaning of creation.Tackling a subject such as creation is difficult, it is still today hard to know if it acts on its own, or if it needs a body to express itself?1800 years ago Plotinus mentioned how the before and after of the expression of an emanation is complicated to discern, the process of creation has no chronological succession but rather represents a combination of body, soul, and intellect occurring suddenly at a time T. It is therefore impossible to speak of creation without there being an intention to create and a creator.This idea may seem completely contradictory from a scientific point of view knowing that billions of years happened before a potential creator was born. Is creation then born with life? Finding an answer might take ages however we believe creation and therefore art is only recognized if life exists.So far, we understand that art is intimately linked with life and creation. Art needs conscious beings to be created, more specifically humans
The presale of the Marnotaur NTF collection is in full swing and we are pleased to announce three new ways to purchase these NTFs: on Binance Smart Chain (BSC), using stablecoins USDT/USDC/BUSD or with BNB tokens. Don’t waste time, grab your Marnotaur now!MÆRⴼTΩR is an NFT collection developed by the Marnotaur liquidity protocol. The collection is issued in squadrons of 555 NFTs. The initial release includes 5 squadrons — 2,775 Marnotaur NFTs in total. The presale will continue until September 22nd, 11:59PM UTC.Before, it was only possible to buy these NFTs with ETH. However, we understand that transactions on the Ethereum network have long gone berserk. For this reason and by popular demand from our community members, we are adding new payment methods!As of now, you can avoid huge fees and purchase a Marnotaur NTF on Binance Smart Chain — one of the most popular and cost-efficient blockchains in terms of transaction fees. On top of that, we’re allowing new currencies to be used:
Amidst the rising popularity of NFTs, and NFT marketplaces, significantly less attention has been given to the user experience. NFT enthusiasts are still looking for a better platform to create, sell, mint, and trade NFTs seamlessly. If you are among this folk, wait no more as we unravel one of the rarest, user-friendly, and all-in-one platforms, PolkaPlay.PolkaPlay is a unique NFT marketplace that allows users to cash in on your talent in the most convenient way. Using this platform, users can create any digital content, mint, tokenize, and share their talent with the world while earning rewards with $POLO (PolkaPlay Native Token) at the same time.To give you a more vivid picture of PolkaPlay’s unique offerings and features, we have analyzed a few NFT marketplaces of the NFT space; scroll down to learn more. $POLO, the native token of PolkaPlay, will play a crucial part in most of the platform activities. The token will be running on the BSC (Binance Smart Chain) to take advantage of its low fees and fast transfers. The token will have multiple use cases on the PolkaPlay platform. Users can stake $POLO to participate in exclusive NFT drops from our collection & creators. Additionally, users can participate in platform governance and earn returns from entry/exit fees by staking $POLO. The fees generated on the platform will be redistributed for staking, farming, rewards, and marketing funds. Another unique and exciting thing about PolkaPlay is that every user can mint 1 FREE NFT.Important Note: Active users who intend to mint more than 1 NFT in 24 hours need to maintain 100 $POLOs in their wallets. Using PolkaPlay is as easy as a doodle for anyone and everyone who knows how to operate a smartphone. Here we have explained the process in three simple steps for your convenience and ease:- Take a pic/video or upload your content on the Polkaplay platform.- Hold 100 POLO tokens in your wallet so you can mint your content to NFT.- Click on sell and list it on our marketplace.Sounds interesting? Then, wait no more and switch to PolkaPlay Today!Sign up: 
David Bowie is one of the most influential musicians in the world — a leading figure in the music industry. Bowie is regarded as one of the most influential musicians during the past decades. He has sold over 140 million records and received the Grammy’s Lifetime Achievement Award in 2006. Life is boring and everyone is looking for a breakthrough, that’s why we miss David Bowie so much.We miss his ever-changing music style, bold and avant-garde looks, cool and splendid stage performances, whimsy and bright ideas, and the courage to constantly surpass himself.David Bowie is one of the most influential digital musicians and a leading musician of the past few decades. His countless classic looks have influenced generations of musicians and fans, and his records have sold over 140 million copies. What’s more, he is a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award recipient.In 2018, his Space Oddity was sent into space by a Tesla Roadster.In 2022, Melos Studio will mint David Bowie’s music, life, and thoughts into NFTs, and preserve them forever.Through these NFTs, buyers can learn more about David Bowie, hear how he talked to himself, how he laughed with his friends, how he came up with those amazing looks and performances, and see how he expressed his enthusiasm in front of his audience. Just like David Bowie is always looking for breakthroughs, this NFT is not only the fine art he left behind, but also a source of innovation that links the past and the future.Melos Studio is a music creation platform based on Web3. It provides a new collaboration method for musicians and fans. Through those NFTs of David Bowie, music lovers can get the opportunity to explore the musical world with this rock giant at Melos’ Workshop and Co-create section.This collaboration transcends the limitations of time and space. Participants can work together with the smartest people and spread David Bowie’s music and ideas in every corner around the world. Melos Studio brings you legendary rock star David Bowie. This drop contains Bowie’s unreleased music audio and never-before-seen photos. You can hear Bowie’s monolog and laugh with friends during rehearsals. Reveal the story behind every precious photo: how he came to express enthusiasm in front of the audience? How did he come up with this posture backstage? The David Bowie series is not only a fine art of his legacy, but also brings the past and future together as a new symbol of Bowie’s Legend & Tech. On January 27 (UTC), the David Bowie exclusive Music NFTs, which Melos studio have obtained the copyright and authorization, will be released on the Starly NFT marketplace(), including David Bowie’s unreleased music audio and video, with only 3,000 copies. A total of 3000 Melos Studio X David Bowie mystery packs will be released on Starly () Each mystery pack cost 99 $BUSD/USDC/USDT(BEP-20) , $FUSD (USD stable coin on Flow chain) and $99 in $FLOW(real-time price at purchase) that including Four(4) David Bowie’s unreleased music audio and video NFT. Launch Time: 1pm UTC 27 JanuaryFinish Time: 1pm UTC 2 February  Melos Studio has prepared many rewards for participants of the David Bowie NFT issuance on Starly marketplace:Collectors with Rare cards can receive an extra NFT airdrop from Melos Official on melos.studio.Collectors with the number 1947 (David Bowie’s birth year) card can receive a unique NFT airdrop from Melos Studio.All buyers of those NFTs can share a $10,000 prize pool.Anyone who purchases those NFTs during the promotion period will receive an airdrop of 100 WAVE points on Melos Studio website, which can be used for a variety of purposes.“There is a starman waiting in the sky”
Fanatics, the popular sports merchandise company and partner of major sporting leagues NBA, NFL, and NHL have partnered with Mike Novogratz and Gary Vaynerchuck to bring to life a new NFT company. The platform will allow customers to purchase, collect and trade MLB-licensed NFTs via a secondary market and public storefront. Binance owned Indian crypto exchange WazirX has launched the first-ever NFT marketplace in the country. About 300 creators artists are currently a part of the marketplace, and the project hopes that it would become the spot for local artists to display and sell their NFTs. Opulous, one of the first NFT projects dedicated to music and nurturing arts has announced that it is working with Binance NFT to include exclusive NFT drops with major artists worldwide, and led by Lil Yachty and Kyle.The drops are also a part of a little teaser to Opolous’ future launchpad for copyright-backed music NFTs. In the past 7 days (May 27— June 3), the top 7 NFT sales amounted to a total of $2,412.08M.Decentraland takes the lead at $709.02k, and CryptoPunk NFTs make an appearance three times in the list.From last week, total sales have dropped by 803.64k from $3,215.72M to $2,412.08M. The past 7 days (May 26th— June 3rd), the top 5 projects amounted to a total of $11,609,073.08 million in sales volume and about 13,308 sales.Similarly to last week, CryptoPunk takes the lead in volume at $4.86 million and Sorare in sales with 10,709 sales.From last week, the sales volume dropped by 616,094.85k from $12,225,167.93M to $11,609,073.08. The Sandbox and Decentraland are now arrivals to our list, how long can they stay?
We are making a date changedCurrently on our roadmap the first pack sale is supposed to occur on June 25th 2021.We have decided to delay, not because of any issue. All contracts are available on our gitbook currently. But, poetic symmetry seemed necessary. We think it would be so much cooler to release The American Revolution historical NFT pack on July, 4th 2021. American Independence Day.Current time for release is set at 12:00 UTC, July 4th 2021.We have reduced pack availability as well. From 448 packs to only 59 packs for the American Revolution! These are going to be super exclusive because they will be used for staking Aspen Tokens in the future! Earn money with your art collection.The price has also been updated to reflect the reduction in pack availability. From $99 USD to $150 USD. All payments are to be made in Ethereum at the exchange rate on that day.
NFTmall- is the worlds first Creator Centric, Defi & e-Commerce Powered, Physically redeemable NFT marketplace. NFTs are a hot topic right now since its current market boom, Although the market for digital items and goods is still at the infant stage. Monopolies and international entities were taking advantage of creators/Artists for many years by creating a massive barrier of entry! For example, traditionally, Artists have to physically produce a piece of artwork, get it accepted by a gallery, promote the exhibition and sell it. Also, in the case of a verification test, the authenticity of an Art is determined by an Art expert panel by carrying out costly tests! This complex process involves a huge barrier of entry and hinders creativity; as a result, creators often don’t get enough exposure and have to market their work instead of focusing on creation. The traditional approach hinders creators, but it also hinders creativity in general since younger artists may not afford the entry requirement to use the various platforms. This problem can be overcome using blockchain technology to synergise Defi and NFTs since It simplifies ART creation in NFTs and logs entry of an ART piece/ NFT in the blockchain, which cant be counterfeit and rewards relatively. It affords artists or creators alike the chance to create and earn royalties in perpetuity. And thus create a level playing field for talented individuals. Since it’s a very new concept and the market for digital items starts to generate. Existing top tier digital items / NFT marketplaces do not fully satisfy the needs of their users. They do not solve the issue by having high platform fees to mint or list, Primary and secondary sells, even royalty fees for creators are not independent usually chosen by Marketplace! Also, most of them are not decentralised and require a KYC process, application, and permission. More importantly, none of them offers or Provides a solution to the Physical redemption of NFTs or Vice versa! Thus, they act as a monopoly for users and possess a high barrier of entry and fail to create a fair & level playing field for their users (creators, collectors and traders).“By deeply considering the limitations of existing marketplaces, I was stirring at the market gap and had to pick up the challenge to provide a solution I called NFTmall”.“NFTmall is the answer to the existing limitations of the traditional NFT marketplace. It is the worlds first Creator centric, Defi & E-commerce powered, Multichain & standard support, Physically redeemable, NFT marketplace.” Our vision is to create a level playing field that fills the gap between traditional and niche digital item artists. Our solution, a universal platform, is the common ground for potential talent all around the world to showcase their work to the world in a very cost-effective and authentic manner and get treated fairly. The platform also bridges the gap between digitized and real-world while allowing real-world use cases for NFTs, by introducing revolutionary features like physically redeemable NFT. Anyone can now redeem any NFTs into physical objects like clothing, printed canvas, collectable cards etc. Our vision also includes a revolutionary feature called NFTmall 3D, a Decentraland inspired virtual marketplace where there will be various types of dedicated 3D virtual stores like art, gaming items, collectable card NFTs, audio NFTs, rare NFTs, physical NFTs, 3D NFT, etc. Premium verified Badge holder’s NFTs will be showcased on the NFTmall 3D on the various dedicated stores. Also, third-party individuals or companies will or can have the opportunity to build and trade their brand-named dedicated store to display their NFTs on NFTmall3D Virtual Marketplace. Users create, explore and trade in the first-ever virtual 3D Marketplace owned by its users. Users will be able to immerse themselves in NFTmall 3D with Avatars and will be able to roam around in different stores, make purchases of NFTs displayed in those stores.We also look to offer Lending, Borrowing and Fractional ownership of NFTs in the near future. We are introducing a native token to simplify NFT creations and collections. Our native token, $GEM is spendable on the NFTmall and supported secondary markets. It is a Binance Smart Cain compliant token that allows artists and collectors to buy, sell, earn and own NFTs. The community, composed of artists, collectors, bounty hunters, curators, among others can use the token for providing liquidity, creating and collecting NFTs, and so many others, as the need arises. Existing marketplaces have some high entry requirements like their KYC process, along with high marketplace platform fees for minting and primary & secondary sales, also a high gas price to list, mint or trade since the majority of top tier marketplaces operate on the Ethereum chain at the moment. There is limited access to a marketplace for creators who pay high prices and also run the risk of huge financial loss in the process. Royalty rewards are biased and set by third-party (Marketplace) and not by the creator, thus creators often mint the same NFT in the different marketplaces and NFT loses its authenticity & value. Most NFT marketplaces lack exposure to creators & collectors. Artists need exposure to create, share and monetize content. Marketplaces get bombarded with low-quality and spammy NFTs, thus making it very difficult for buyers to look and find rare valuable NFTs. Current NFTs only exist in virtual digital form. There’s no way to display such valuable digital collectables and prove authenticity and ownership in the real world. Eliminating Barrier of Entry:We are introducing several creator-centric policies to reduce entry barriers to zero. Our measures include: Exposure to Creators/Artists Multi-chain & Standard supportMost of the top-ranked existing NFT marketplaces are built on ethereum and only supports ERC standards, thus limiting the benefits of other chains, like low gas fees and high-speed Transactions! NFTmall solves the issue by supporting collectively Multiple standards and chains. Currently, NFTmall only supports the BSC chain but in the coming days and weeks it will integrate into different chains and explore its opportunities and possibilities(i.e Avalanche, Polygon, Solana, Wax protocol) thus NFTmall becomes the very first multi-chain operational & multi-standard support NFT Marketplace in existence!Community-based Content CurationNFTmall aims to build a dApp, an automatic detection system for NFT minting on secondary marketplaces as well as introducing copyrighted NFTs. With these techniques, anyone from the community has the opportunity to identify and report with proof, malicious activities such as minting the same NFT on a secondary platform or unauthorized copyrighted digital item minting.Smart Sorting EngineWe are tackling low-quality spammy NFT problems using a Google-like Smart sorting engine. We also aim to improve it in near future by utilizing AI & machine learning. GEM token Fiat Ramp:To give $GEM token its well-deserved recognition, exposure and make it super easy and accessible through fiat for newbies in space, NFTmall will partner with third-party mobile App fiat on a ramp service provider, where users can make purchases or trade $GEM straight with different fiat currencies. NFTmall Payment Gateway For Non-Crypto Users:This is an improved UX for non-crypto users. Our vision is to reach mass adoption by approaching non-crypto users. Therefore, in the future, we plan to implement some opt-in UX enhancements for normal users. Crypto users can skip these enhancements if they wish to. We are achieving it through the following;• A wallet-free experience by utilizing key-free and password-less technology like Ice tea ID• Buying NFTs using Visa, Mastercard credit cards, Paypal: the system will connect to 3rd-party services to support payment for non-crypto users. By adding these payment methods, we expected to bring the platform to mass users who are not familiar with crypto payment.Apart from this we will also implement different ideas in the coming days and equipped NFTmall with other revolutionary different features aim to change the whole NFT landscape globally. NFTmall Website :  Official TG :  News Official TG:  Discord :  Twitter :  FB :  To conclude, The NFTmall has launched on Binance Smart Chain and we need your help to ensure the security of the protocol! The NFTmall Bounty Program is launching to identify bugs and critical vulnerabilities in the protocol and smart contracts. Up to 5% of the total GEM Token supply is being allocated to reward successful bounty hunters and white hat hackers.Also, The platform is live (Beta) for testing ATM. At NFTmall we would like to invite Creator/artists all around the world to test and mint NFTs on our Super sleek and easy user interface, State-of-the-art NFTmall Marketplace platform.
The NGO that organizes the Summer and Winter Olympic Games known as The International Olympic Committee (IOC), and videogame developer nWay announced the future launch of a collection of NFTs representing Olympic pins. Cryptocurrency exchange Binance has chosen 100 artists who will be the only ones able to sell their artworks on Binance’s upcoming NFT marketplace for a week after launch on June 24. Anyone who has a Binance account will be able to access the marketplace to trade NFTs. Paris Hilton is now an NFT advisor. The celebrity revealed that she invested in Origin Protocol, a DeFi platform that launches NFTs, and is going to join them as their advisor.Origin Protocol recently partnered YouTuber turned boxer Jake Paul to auction his NFT collection. In the past 7 days (June 3 — June 10) the top 7 NFT sales amounted to a total of $1,651.65M.This past week has been unusual in that many of the top-performing NFT sales on the list are newcomers! A ‘The Sandbox’ NFT takes the lead at $648.49k at a price point of $60.53k less than last week’s top NFT sale.From last week, total sales have dropped by $760.43k, marking the second consecutive week that total sales drop. In the Past 7 days (June 3 — June 10), the top 5 projects amounted to a total of $7,181,069.02 in sales volume and 10,184 sales.Similar to the last two weeks, CryptoPunks takes the lead in sales volume at $2.54M and Sorare in sales at 9,334.From last week, the sales volume dropped by $4,428,004.06 from $11,609,073.08 to $7,181,069.02. Decentraland held its place on the list from last week, and SuperRare makes an appearance.
With the coming of our 3D, immersive, NFT marketplace, we have 2 more big announcements to make today, along with the beginning of a mega event. We will dive into greater detail on both but in summary: Firstly, we want to announce the beginning of our NFT Airdrop Mega Event. This is one of two Mega Events we have planned for the next few weeks.Starting at 2pm UTC today, users can join our whitelist event for a chance to win one of 10 Mist in-game NFTs. The whitelist event will be on a platform called “Gleam” that will allow users to complete actions to earn entries into the whitelist.VVVVVVV JOIN THE WHITELIST HERE VVVVVV: members may be asked to read about Mist, follow the project on social media, and engage in other ways. Each action will give you extra entries to win the NFT items. So complete as many as you can for maximum entries. Winners will be selected randomly. 10 NFT items will be given out. Secondly, we want to announce a strategic and technical partnership with Crypto World (website here), an upcoming Open-World Sandbox Social MMO NFT game and 3D NFT Mall marketplace. Crypto World is revolutionizing NFT sales. We are excited to partner with them for their innovative 3D and ARNFT (Augmented Reality NFT) Marketplaces, and in-game NFT stores and real estate. (Check out the Mist store in the screenshot below!): As part of our technical and strategic cooperation, Crypto World has created a special Mist store in their in-game universe. Players will be able to browse and purchase Mist NFTs in 3d (and soon Augmented Reality 3D). Mist’s NFTs will officially be spotlighted in Crypto World’s open-world NFT MMO and marketplace.
The first NFT Drops on the SuperFarm Launchpad are aptly named the Genesis Series. These NFTs are packed with utility across the SUPERVERSE, and will entitle their holders to unique privileges and unlock new experiences.The Genesis Drop will be a 5-day event, with one character released each day at 12PM PST on SuperFarm.com, starting March 31, 2021!This is a truly special event for the SuperFarm. SuperFarm’s Genesis NFTs will give holders access to future drops, farming multipliers, airdrops as well as unlock items in a next generation of video games powered by NFTs and blockchain. As stated many times, SuperFarm is a proponent of NFTs with native and ongoing utility. For this reason, of course, the SuperFarm Genesis Series NFTs provide their holders unique access on the SuperFarm platform.This level of functionality is something desperately needed within the NFT space, and is intended to make a statement about what is possible when programming true utility into these assets. NFT holders will receive priority access for all future NFT drops in on the SuperFarm launchpad. According to rarity, holders will be able to access a separate queue that increases their chances to buy SuperFarm’s NFT Launchpad drops.Legendary — 90% chance of access.Epic — 50% chance of access.Rare — 30% chance of access.Uncommon — 20% chance of access.Common — 10% chance of access.When the Priority Access feature launches, interested buyers can submit their ETH address to a digital queue. There are two queues; Priority and Default. A process begins which populates the queue. If you own a SuperFarm Genesis NFT you will be given the chance at entering the priority queue based on the rarity of your asset. SuperFarm native NFTs within the EllioTrades or SuperFarm collections will unlock items within immersive AAA video games. This allows for NFTs to truly hold value in the digital worlds of tomorrow, the games that will shape the next generation of social activity.The SuperFarm team has been committed to NFTs within video games for the past 3 years, with one partner title already in closed beta on STEAM and another in final testing (set for release in mid-2021), this is a core competency of the SuperFarm ecosystem that is extremely hard to replicate.The potential for game assets, especially early assets within disruptive NFT-powered titles, hold the power to fundamentally shift how digital collectibles are viewed — or even the way all digital assets are viewed.For more information on the protocol’s vision for gaming and NFTs, please see the initial article introducing the SuperFarm project. One of the most important utilities for the SuperFarm native NFTs is the Farming Multiplier, which operates like an in-game item for our DeFi ecosystems. Wallets that hold SuperFarm native NFTs will be privy to multipliers on their rewards, allowing them to be the first in line to mint some of the most exciting NFTs on the platform.In this way, the Genesis NFT functions like a “power-up” throughout the SuperFarm ecosystem, bringing gamification to the protocol itself. This type of utility is not only consequential for the ecosystems that will take root on the SuperFarm platform, but also as a sign of what’s possible when fusing the worlds of NFTs and DeFi.Boost %Legendary — 40%Epic — 25%Rare — 15%Uncommon — 10%Common — 5% Holders of SuperFarm series NFTs receive exclusive airdrop incentives in the form of SUPER. NFT holders will be able to claim SUPER tokens via a decentralized portal by simply holding NFTs in their wallets. Token claims will be tied to each NFT token, not the wallet itself, so once transferred the new holder can claim the remaining tokens.Common — 20 SUPERRare — 140 SUPEREpic — 300 SUPERLegendary — 2000 SUPERThese airdrops are designed to incentivize long term support for the SuperFarm platform and community, and for that reason the claim period will take place starting one month after the NFT sale and extend for 6 months on a linear, block-by-block schedule. Holders of the NFT can claim airdrops via a dedicated claim portal, and if the asset is sold, new holders can claim whatever is remaining from the airdrop schedule.Whoever holds the NFT in their wallet at the time of the snapshot is considered the “owner” for purposes of the airdropped tokens. The NFT may change hands any number of times before the snapshot. If you purchase/farm an NFT and sell it before the snapshot, you will miss out on the subsequent airdrop reward. The SuperFarm Genesis NFT Drops is expected to generate a tremendous amount of hype and excitement. As promised, SUPER holders will enjoy access to an exclusive pool of NFTs that are only being sold in SUPER. This is just the first of so many utilities coming to the SUPER token. SUPER will be able to be used for a wide array of utilities in the near future such as priority access, NFT farming, rewards multipliers, fees, governance, in-game currency for video games and more!
Here are a list of new NFT investment opportunities of handpicked projects. These NFT(s) have great teams and communities behind them. Endangered species cartoons themed NFTs.Discord | Twitter | WebsitePresale:Tomorrow, January 23rd 20226:00 am(America/Los_Angeles)Public Sale:Monday, January 24th 2022 10:00AM(America/LosAngeles)Presale Mint Price: 0.06 ETHPublic Mint Price: 0.08 ETHNFT(s) available: 10,688 Girl Ape themed NFTsDiscord | Twitter | Website Presale:Tomorrow, January 23rd 20226:00 am(America/Los_Angeles)Public Sale:Tomorrow, January 23rd 2022 6:00 am(America/LosAngeles)Presale Mint Price: 0.03 ETHPublic Mint Price: 0.049 ETHNFT(s) available:7,000 Monk themed NFTsDiscord | Twitter | Website
499Block：First, please introduce yourself and the N.Fans project. Iwao Oshina：Hello, everyone, I’m very happy to be a guest in the 499 community. I’m Iwao Oshina, the CMO of N.Fans. I have worked as a business consultant and professional investor. As the founder of a large Japanese bank and technology financial company, I hava 12 years of industry experience in the IT industry. N.Fans is a new blockchain-based digital collection game platform for Japanese influencers. It includes photos of various well-known artists, moment casting and sales, and NFT of well-known animations. It implements NFT and tokenization for subcultures such as pop and entertainment, and helps fans’ NFT to circulate, confirm and exercise rights, and so on, so as to build a trading platform for global participants. 499Block：NFT is currently a hot spot, and there are many teams and projects competing in this field. What are the advantages and characteristics of N.Fans? Iwao Oshina：Good host, our N.Fans compares other NFT projects. Its advantages and characteristics are mainly reflected in the fact that NFS is an NFT aggregation protocol, supported by an algorithmic market making mechanism, designed to increase the value of art and the liquidity of transactions, which enables NFT assets to achieve the perfect trading experience of order flow. Secondly, NFS puts 80% of NFT artwork sales into the liquidity hedging pool through smart contracts, ensuring that NFTs sold on the platform have a unique value-preserving repurchase mechanism. Finally, NFS provides limited editions of high-quality NFT artworks of global stars, providing value discovery and convenient trading and circulation functions for NFT assets. 499Block：What are the ways to play N.Fans’ digital collection NFT? Iwao Oshina：We choose the blind box form to meet the global customers requirements. Given that global users are increasingly interested in NFT, blind boxes are more effectively aligned with local consumer behavior. In the future, we will also consider joining group buying to promote our NFT artworks, which is similar to Pinduoduo’s e-commerce model. As we continue to release blind boxes, we will keep prices at a reasonable level to attract new customers into the NFT world. We also include NFS tokens in the blind box to reward customers. After users have collected all the NFT fragments, they can use our platform to integrate the fragments into a complete NFT and receive platform rewards in NFS tokens. The user can also redeem this NFT to obtain the artist’s physical artwork, including the user’s unique signature. After redemption, the corresponding NFT status will change to “Redeemed”. Users can also choose to keep NFTs instead of receiving physical artworks to maintain the economic value of the art in the secondary market. 499Block：After users buy their favorite NFT, in addition to collection and investment functions, what other areas can they apply to? Does N.Fans have a solution? Iwao Oshina：we will also consider joining group buying to promote our NFT artworks, which is similar to Pinduoduo’s e-commerce model. As we continue to release blind boxes, we will keep prices at a reasonable level to attract new customers into the NFT world. We also include NFS tokens in the blind box to reward customers. NFT fragments (coming soon) -The most critical concept in artistic creation is the story behind the work. If a digital artist lacks a background, the artwork is incomplete. The best way to show fragmentation is to divide the work according to its story and make sure the pieces are connected.We will divide the NFT into several segments based on the story of the artwork, and present the author’s intentions through each NFT segment. Users can understand that once they have collected all the pieces and combined them into a complete story to complete the NFT.At the same time, the scarcity of works and the collectible gameplay will further increase the value of NFT in the NFT secondary market. We will promote the works of artists with a high reputation in the art world, by publishing each artist’s creativity and the story behind it. Usually these works of art will be very expensive. Then we will create a unique NFT for each piece of art and let the artist divide it into pieces.Owners who purchase these NFT fragments can also trade platforms in other markets. After users have collected all the NFT fragments, they can use our platform to integrate the fragments into a complete NFT and receive platform rewards in NFS tokens. The user can also redeem this NFT to obtain the artist’s physical artwork, including the user’s unique signature. After redemption, the corresponding NFT status will change to “Redeemed”. Users can also choose to keep NFTs instead of receiving physical artworks to maintain the economic value of the art in the secondary market. 499Block：The liquidity and pricing of NFT affect the income of collectors. It has always been a problem to be solved. What solutions does N.Fans have? Iwao Oshina：This is a very good question, and at the same time everyone is constantly exploring the question you mentioned. First, let’s analyze these two keywords, “pricing” and “liquidity”. In the early stages of the development of blockchain technology, the liquidity of ERC-20 tokens also takes months or even years to become sufficient. The market will apply smart contracts and encrypted economic mechanisms to solve the liquidity problem of NFT tokens.I once mentioned that NFT can be regarded as “mobile intellectual property rights”, because the scope of NFT covers more and more digital content, and the view of mobile intellectual property rights itself has an implicit assumption, that is, NFT itself It is a brand new type of financial asset.As NFT become more financialised, they will also need new types of trading platforms, lending agreements and derivatives.So I think NFT price discovery is the next big problem.Amarket-efficient price discovery mechanism would enable participants to trademore quickly, improve liquidity through tokenization, allow NFT to becomecollateral without an order, and create a wealth of derivatives against NFT.Inother words, price discovery will enable the financialisation of NFT assetclasses.N.Fansis currently considering several mechanisms to solve the problems mentioned bythe proponents such as sales mechanism, auction mechanism and fragmentationmechanism, which have also been proven to be effective.Forexample: In the sales methods used in Rarible and most other NFT markets,valuations are created by public sales in the open market.OrAsync.art uses perpetual auctions in their web galleries, as does SuperRare.Beeple’s auction with a total turnover of 3.5 million US dollars proved thatalthough the auction is still in the development stage, which is already strongenough.Aswith projects such as Ark, Wrapped Punk, WG0, and NFTX, the fragmentation cansplit one or more NFTs into ERC-20 tokens, which can be traded on DEX orcentralized trading platforms. 499Block：IP resources are the focus of each NFT platform. What resources does N.Fans have? Iwao Oshina：Regarding resources, N.Fans is the strategic partner with TV TOKYO and BANDAI NAMCO. Currently, and N.Fans has signed Naruto, White snake2 and the Dark World God Envoy. The IPs under negotiation and signing include Pokémon, Dunking Master, Gundam, King of Thieves, Dragon Ball, etc. In addition, the N.Fans platform is led by l-FreekMobile (a Japanese listed company) and ETFDAO Fund, with participation investment from AC capital, Krypto Fund and other institutions. 499Block：How can NFT issuers, designers, artists, IP parties, fans and other groups benefit from the platform? Iwao Oshina：The host’s question should also be one of the questions that everyone is very concerned about. One attraction of the NFT market is transparency. Buyers can see the history of each past buyer and bidder, what prices they paid, and the current market conditions of any digital goods. More importantly, buyers can complete the transaction in a few minutes or less. After the transaction is completed, you do not need to wait for the transportation process to enter your own collection library (wallet). When you want to sell, the secondary market not only provides liquidity, but also completes the rapid satisfaction provided by the market as a whole. 499Block：Many friends are curious about when the world premiere of 5 Naruto co-branded 3D figures will be officially launched in the previous news. Can you share it with us? Iwao Oshina：Regarding this question, I’m very happy to tell you that Naruto Uzumaki, the 3D NFT work of Naruto, has just been submitted for review today and will be relaunched on the Binance NFT platform in the near future. There is also good news to share with you. N.Fans and BANDAI NAMCO have reached a strategic cooperation and will soon launch the “White snake” 3D NFT for the first time. It is currently under supervision and I believe it will be listed soon. You can follow our official information for more news.
Here are a list of new NFT investment opportunities of handpicked projects. These NFT(s) have great teams and communities behind them. Discord | Twitter | WebsiteDescriptionIf you are at all following the NFT space, or even if you aren’t, you have no doubt heard the buzz. Every day, a hot new NFT is launched– the next big thing, attached to a celebrity, an influencer, a brand, the promise of riches or a combination of all that. The amount of money being thrown at NFT launches is becoming exorbitant. Far too many NFT launches are purely about the hype, the speculation, and the quick flip with no real long-term plan. This has created an environment that runs counter to everything that makes NFTs incredible to begin with: Access!At Aijia, we’re all about access and the real Web3 revolution!So what is Aijia?Aijia is a modern ticketing, marketplace, and collectible experience built on CELO that resets the live experience for fans and artists, creating more than a moment.Discord | Twitter | WebsitePresale:Today, January 23rd 20226:00 PM to 10:00 PM(America/Los_Angeles)Public Sale:Today, January 23rd 20226:00 PM to 10:00 PM(America/Los_Angeles)Presale Mint Price: 0.09 ETHPublic Mint Price: 0.09 ETHNFT(s) available: 9,999 Skull, cyborg, cat themed avatar NFTsDiscord | Twitter | Website Presale:Today, January 23rd 20228:00 am(America/Los_Angeles)Public Sale:Tomorrow, January 24th 2022 8:00 am(America/LosAngeles)Presale Mint Price: 0.042 ETHPublic Mint Price: 0.042 ETHNFT(s) available:7,777 Pixel shiba avatar NFTsDiscord | Twitter | Website
The power of the community is underestimated. We want to share value with the creative part of the community. Therefore, we are excited to announce the NFT Panda: World of Fantasy content creator support program.Do you want to spread the Play-to-Earn revolution with others? Anyone can write an article or video. In the digital age, it’s easier than it sounds. We’re welcoming all enthusiasts who cannot live without creating something interesting every day. Be a part of the NFT Panda: World of Fantasy content creator’s community and turn your time and effort to real value!What do we have to do?You can express yourself with an article, guide, video or stream.Requirements:Grade 1: Minimum 2 creations per month, $30 in $BAM stipend per month.You must have at least 20 subscribers. You can also qualify for over 2 months as a Grade 1 program and then grow to Grade 2.Grade 2: Minimum 2 creations per month, $100 in $BAM stipend per month.You must have at least 400 subscribers and previous content creation experience to be considered a partner.Grade 3: Minimum 2 creations per month, $150 in $BAM stipend per month.You must have at least 1000 subscribers and previous content creation experience to be considered a partner.How to join?1) Complete the Content Creator Support Program Member Form:  Create 2+ creations per month.3) Share the creations on your socials and tag NFT Panda: WoF. and use next hashtags: #PlayToEarn #NFTPandaContest #NFT #Blockchaingame4) Confirm links at the end of each month. Fill the form:  effort can be further rewarded! We also understand that the level of content quality and audience may be different. If you think you fit this category, write to us by mail: hello@nftpanda.space.The program starts from November 2, 2021 to January 31, 2022.
We’re glad to announce that the NFT AirDrop attracted over 20k participants!!! And it took some time to select winners’ information.PoParmy, now go ahead and Find Your Name! All winners are as follow: 2. And we have 100 winners who were drawn to be the lucky ones will be given 100 $POP: Kindly be noted that PoP rewards could be claimed later upon further notification.Thank your for participating in the campaign! Hope to see you in our next activity!
NFT Games have been taking the spotlight for the past months in the blockchain space, and for good reasons. The idea of combining games and finance is a concept that should thrill almost any gamer. The dream of playing games and earning money has been around for a while, but 2021 might just be the year Play-to-Earn games start going mainstream with titles like Titan Hunters.The World of Titan Hunters is friendly, inviting, and perfect for players of all ages with a Lego art style reminiscent of Minecraft and Roblox. So for those of you who’ve played Minecraft Dungeons, get ready to meet its next biggest competitor. NFT gaming has dominated the blockchain space since the beginning of this year, with the number of new games reaching new peaks every month. So what makes Titan Hunters stand out of the crowd?Built by young gaming enthusiasts, Titan Hunters looks to bring the fantastic world of NFTs to mainstream mobile players. The game is designed to be simple, fun, and addictive, which can be played everywhere, at any time, and is accessible to people of all ages.Our leading philosophy is to create a game that keeps players constantly challenged and thrilled. Therefore, Titan Hunters offers a rich world of gaming experiences. The game will come with a voice communication system, beautiful graphics where you can show off your unique equipment to your playmates, or even guide your team with your own style and grow your squad strength. Every item in this game is unique, and you are free to unleash your endless creativity. Titan Hunters takes the dungeon crawler to a new level, from Diablo to Monster Hunter by focusing more on boss fights. Together with your buddies, you will hunt down a plethora of monsters with distinct behaviors and deadly ferocity in a never-ending land, in which every beast and area has its own distinctive features. You will earn different materials with different monsters, go back to your base and craft gears to upgrade your character’s stats. $TITAThe Titan Hunters universe is built around $TITA, a BEP20 token. This token provides users with a wide variety of capabilities, including: $TITA is the primary token of Titan Hunters and has a maximum supply of 1 billion. The token is used as the primary intermediary between the cryptocurrency market and the game economy itself. Players can buy and sell their NFT items with $TITA and then turn around and convert them to other cryptocurrencies as needed.$TCOIN and COIN$TCOIN is another BEP20 token that is stored on the BSC. The token has the exact same uses as the in-game currency, but has no hard cap and can be stored indefinitely.COIN is the unlimited in-game currency that players will earn from battles, events, and quests. The currency can then be used for in-game activities, upgrades, or converted to $TCOIN (with a small $TITA fee) Titan Hunters is, first and foremost, a free-to-play mobile MMORPG (massively-multiplayer online role-playing game) built on the Binance Smart Chain (BSC). We want to develop a game that is absolutely accessible, almost without any entry barrier, so that everyone can enjoy it. This means that players do not need to have any prior knowledge regarding NFTs or blockchain, nor do they need to own any cryptocurrency to enter our World of Titan Hunters. Just like in any traditional game, players are only required to create an account, login and start playing.Titan Hunters is perpetually free-to-play, you can enjoy the game for however long you want, but in addition to that, Titan Hunters offers you an irresistible possibility to make profits through the incorporation of NFT technology. There are three major ways in which you can benefit financially from playing Titan Hunters: minting and farming NFTs, and holding our native token $TITA.While you may be familiar with the play-to-earn mechanism that was born with the rise of NFTs, “invest-to-earn” might be a relatively novel concept. In the World of Titan Hunters, Invest-to-earn simply means that you can invest a certain amount of $TITA to “mint” and “farm” NFTs on the assets that you already own. For instance, after a while of participating in the free-to-play game, you have a certain number of in-game assets, and you want to sell/ trade them for profit, or for other more upgraded items. You can do this by buying $TITA tokens and spending them on the minting/ farming process. Then, after your items have been turned into NFTs, you can freely trade them on the in-game marketplace, or any independent NFT marketplace.On top of that, holding $TITA tokens gives both players and investors irresistible benefits. These tokens provide staking opportunities, governance, and voting rights, and even allow access to profit-sharing events. Utilizing $TITA allows everyone to take part in and reap the benefits of Titan Hunters continued growth. With a strong network to back it up, Titan Hunters is expected to take the whole NFT gaming world by storm. The universe is filled with new and exciting adventures, in which you can team up with your buddies to experience a rich world of beautifully crafted NFTs and addictive gameplay. And more importantly, Titan Hunters is designed for e-v-e-r-y-o-n-e: Titan Hunters is playable on multiple platforms (Mobile to PC), you can access the game anytime anywhere on any device that you want. Your fun won’t be interrupted!So make sure to check out the World of Titan Hunters and join the new Invest to Earn revolution!
| Core team Prof. Ramotto Pietro: 「Re-NFT Shards Protocol」artistic consultantNFT Virtual Digital Art investigatorOil Painting Department Professor ( Accademia di belle arti di Urbino )Museology Professor ( Accademia di belle arti di Firenze ) Mr. Eike Schmidt:「Re-NFT Shards Protocol」artistic consultantNFT Virtual Digital Art investigatorDirector of the Uffizi Gallery「Artibune」Chief editor| Re-NFT DAOCore Collaborating Artists List: Title: DistractionsRe-NFT Artist: David Shrigley Title: Dear MotherRe-NFT Artist: David Shrigley Title: BearRe-NFT Artist: Olive Allen Title: Ti AmoRe-NFT Artist: Mircea Cantor Title: Fly GhostRe-NFT Artist: Raver Limbo Title: ApolloRe-NFT Artist: Shamus Clisset Title: FireRe-NFT Artist: R. Wayne Parsons Title: AshilijuRe-NFT Artist: Potchi Moopp Title: My CatRe-NFT Artist: Potchi Moopp Title: GodlinessRe-NFT Artist: Justin Bower Title: WithinRe-NFT Artist: Drew Tal Title: WithoutRe-NFT Artist: Drew Tal Title: Saturation 01Re-NFT Artist: Nano Rubio Title: Saturation 02Re-NFT Artist: Nano Rubio Title: No Big DealRe-NFT Artist: Matthew Penkala Title: Big DealRe-NFT Artist: Matthew Penkala Title: Falling StructureRe-NFT Artist: Andrew Schoultz Title: Fly Fly FlyRe-NFT Artist: Andrew Schoultz Title: TerraRe-NFT Artist: Song Chen Title: Time Story 01Re-NFT Artist: Shuang Qi Title: Time Story 02Re-NFT Artist: Shuang Qi Title: Time Story 03Re-NFT Artist: Shuang Qi Title: VintageRe-NFT Artist: Shuang Qi Title: BlueRe-NFT Artist: Haojie Liang Title: Blue & OrangeRe-NFT Artist: Haojie Liang Title: Green Hill 01Re-NFT Artist: Haojie Liang Title: Green Hill 02Re-NFT Artist: Haojie Liang Title: The place God livingRe-NFT Artist: Haojie Liang Title: The Center Of EarthRe-NFT Artist: Karu Shao Title: GreenRe-NFT Artist: Ying Zhuang Title: Light NO.19Re-NFT Artist: Xiaoshuang Wang Title: Light NO.19Re-NFT Artist: Xiaoshuang Wang Title: GraciousnessRe-NFT Artist: Wei Wang Title: Slime 02Re-NFT Artist: Yuke Hui Title: Number 6–21Re-NFT Artist: Ying Sun Title: UUP’s worldRe-NFT Artist: Aoao Title: BeingRe-NFT Artist: Xiaoxiao Feng Title: ShanghaiRe-NFT Artist: Zhi Rou Title: UnpassRe-NFT Artist: ZHI Title: PLAT ETHRe-NFT Artist: Yang Xue Title: TAM SqureRe-NFT Artist: Wen Wen Title: No TitleRe-NFT Artist: TONGHE Title: No TitleRe-NFT Artist: Tao Title: Self-portrait 01Re-NFT Artist: QUAN Title: Self-portrait 02Re-NFT Artist: QUAN Title: Dongbei DamaRe-NFT Artist: Lollilow Title: Dongbei DayeRe-NFT Artist: Lollilow Title: AmricanRe-NFT Artist: Feng Liu Title: Pink WorldRe-NFT Artist: 3M Title: HECHENGHERe-NFT Artist: 3M Title: Geography 01Re-NFT Artist: 3M Title: Geography 02Re-NFT Artist: 3M Title: Geography 03Re-NFT Artist: 3M Title: MerciRe-NFT Artist: 3M Title: BearingRe-NFT Artist: 3M Title: The starting pointRe-NFT Artist: 3M Title: BuringRe-NFT Artist: 3M Title: OLD HOUSERe-NFT Artist: Ahaha Title: Prime Tower IRe-NFT Artist: Ella Lugin Title: Baby faceRe-NFT Artist: Tuo Title: PunkRe-NFT Artist: Zhi Wang Title: EAT THE BEARRe-NFT Artist: BLACKDOGGY Title: CashRe-NFT Artist: BLACKDOGGY Title: GoziiiiRe-NFT Artist: Wei Zhao Title: No TitleRe-NFT Artist: Yao Mi Title: ShanyunRe-NFT Artist: Congyun Zhang Title: BiyixianziRe-NFT Artist: Moliu Zhang Title: RenjianyouhuoRe-NFT Artist: Ynxi Dong Title: VVXRe-NFT Artist: Yi Yu Title: No TitleRe-NFT Artist: Rui Ma Title: XuhuanRe-NFT Artist: Yuling Sun Title: HeshanRe-NFT Artist: Jun Chen Title: 31Re-NFT Artist: Webman Title: God’s writing codesRe-NFT Artist: Webman Title: Monochrome selfieRe-NFT Artist: Webman Title: GongjibaoxiaoRe-NFT Artist: Dream Fanle Title: The girl without SoulRe-NFT Artist: Dream Fanle Title: MudanRe-NFT Artist: Dream Fanle Title: No title 01Re-NFT Artist: AD Title: No title 02Re-NFT Artist: AD Title: Porphyrio HochstetteriRe-NFT Artist: Mike.x Title: YuRe-NFT Artist: Yuxin Liu Title: Il menù stagionaleRe-NFT Artist: Yuxin Liu Title: BnannaRe-NFT Artist: Zhou Gao Title: HuaquanRe-NFT Artist: Zhou Gao Title: HallucinationRe-NFT Artist: Junting Guo Title: HeadstoneRe-NFT Artist: Junting Guo Title: Digital printmaking ​​​Re-NFT Artist: Junting Guo Title: It’s not my faultRe-NFT Artist: Junyi Cai Title: Chunli ColaRe-NFT Artist: Junyi Cai Title: The AlpsRe-NFT Artist: Junyi Cai Title: Mr. RembrandtRe-NFT Artist: Wei Ying Title: Hyper SpaceRe-NFT Artist: Wei Ying Title: Sea DreamRe-NFT Artist: Zixuan Fang Title: WujinyaliRe-NFT Artist: Zixuan Fang Title: XiniaoRe-NFT Artist: Zixuan Fang Title: No futureRe-NFT Artist: Zixuan Fang Title: New LifeRe-NFT Artist: Zixuan Fang Title: To the land of loveRe-NFT Artist: Zixuan Fang Title: CHOICERe-NFT Artist: Yipingfang Title: DISCOVERRe-NFT Artist: Yipingfang Title: EXPECTRe-NFT Artist: Yipingfang Title: Jiyu 02Re-NFT Artist: You Wu Title: JiyuRe-NFT Artist: You Wu Title: Diving ShowRe-NFT Artist: Muxin Title: ChairRe-NFT Artist: Qianyu Wang Title: YunyuRe-NFT Artist: Qianyu Wang Title: WhiteRe-NFT Artist: Qianyu Wang Title: DollRe-NFT Artist: Qianyu Wang Title: DollRe-NFT Artist: Qianyu Wang
In 2013–2014, experiments with NFT in the blockchain scripting language began. Cryptocurrency trends are changing and improving, and this year is becoming the year of NFT. That’s why more and more artists, musicians and tech people are selling digital copies of memes, avatars and video clips for millions of dollars, and it seems that any user can repeat their success.Creation of your own NFT with Barter SmartplaceIt doesn’t take much time to create a non-fungible token — literally 5 minutes, upon condition that you know which file to use and have BNB and BRTR on your wallet.Instructions for creating NFT on Barter Smartplace:
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 8/06/21Artist Fatman Scoop will be donating 30% of his new NFT collection to the City of MiamiMiami, FL: Artist Fatman Scoop will be donating 30% of his brand new rare NFT collection pegged to his new single “Miami” to the City of Miami.The donation by Fatman Scoop is an ode to ‘The Magic City’, which he and producer BLVD have expressed with special thanks to Miami Mayor Francis Suarez who has been working tirelessly in pushing for blockchain adoption in the city.The city of Miami will be able to use the NFTs at their sole discretion, with all of the perpetual royalties going to the holders of the NFT pieces. The transaction will be facilitated by NFT and DeFi platform ProjectX and NFT marketplace Purple Fly exclusively.The strategic partnership between ProjectX and Purple Fly marks a new dawn for not only the music industry, but for the art and crypto community. Both teams are proud of being a part of this initiative and have more in store for the global creative and crypto communities. Purple Fly is the world’s first NFT-fueled record label, and is an independent imprint which is utilizing groundbreaking blockchain technology to provide a much needed platform for the spectrum of electronic music. The label’s goal is to support collaborations of all forms of art, connecting music with stunning visuals for an immersive experience which goes beyond that of electronic music. It will be releasing NFTs directly on its official website, with each music drop enabling artists to have direct access to their fan base, receiving streamlined support seen like in the days of the Renaissance!ProjectX works to provide the most secure and simplified way to gain exposure to the NFT market by further developing current investment vehicles with the use of indexes and ETFs. The aim is to create different themed pools of NFTs which include Music, Digital Art, Sports Cards, and KOL issued NFTs to name a few. At the same time projectX is solving the liquidity problem for NFT owners.
In this article, we have three major announcements, our flash sales for Bep20 AMA and the second one is our NFT sales. Let’s begin with our flash sales.We are pleased to announced the impending launch of BEP20 token sale for AMA. These tokens are the same as TRC20 tokens but the only way to get the bep20 tokens is to bridge the trc20 tokens. There are only few tokens available for sales since most of our tokens are already locked. More info about our sales can be found in the token information section of our token sales site,  All token sale participants will receive their BEP20 AMA few hours before listing in pancakeswap on 5th November, 2021.Are you wondering why this is a flash sales? Join and find out the magic yourself upon listing on pancakeswap.finance.How to Join the Flash SalesParticipating in the flash sales is simple.1. Get some Bep20 BNB into your metamask wallet. You can buy Bep20 BNB on binance or any supported exchange and transfer to your metamask wallet.2. Visit our flash sales site on a PC:  . The token sale will begin once the countdown gets to zero.3. Open a metamask supported browser and log in to your metamask. Make sure binance smart chain is the selected network.4. On our sales site, click on the Add To metamask button to add our Bep20 AMA contract icon to your metamask wallet.5. Enter the Amount of AMA you want to buy. An equivalent amount of Bep20 BNB that you are supposed to pay will be indicated.6. Click on purchase and wait for the metamask prompt and pay the amount of BNB that is shown on the sales page. Confirm that the amount on metamask corresponds with what it is on the sales page.After a successful payment, your wallet address will be recorded and Bep20 AMA will be sent to you before our listing in pancakeswap.finance.Note: Do not use compromised wallets to make the purchase because you wouldn’t be allowed to make changes to your wallet once you make the payment. Keep your wallet safe. Do not share your seed phrase to any one even if they claim to offer help to you. We will not be liable for any loss you make after making the payment. The payment you make does not have access to your seed phrase to steal your coins so any loss will not be borne by us.Launching Our NFT sales.
We have some exciting news to share with our community. Amasa’s dual IDO will take place from September 28, 2021, on Chainboost and September 30 on Trustpad. Before that, a collection of wrapped $AMAS tokens will be offered via Genpad on September 23.These three powerhouse launchpads are where you will have the first opportunity to acquire our $AMAS governance token. The $AMAS token will allow holders to participate in community governance by initiating proposals and voting on developments such as new DeFi and micro income stream integrations and new features that create value for the community.After the dual IDO, $AMAS will be listed on Uniswap and become available to the broader crypto community.This IDO is a milestone in Amasa’s journey to help people everywhere realise the potential of micro income streams. The Amasa team is thankful to our community for helping us get here. We’re truly excited to be working with you to bring investment streaming to the world 🙏🤝🌍Following is the essential information about our dual IDO and pre-IDO campaign. * This figure was updated in early October 2021 from a previous version that did not include liquidity provision at token listing.We’re excited to share that $AMAS token staking will be introduced as a priority after token launch. The Trustpad IDO starts on Thursday, September 30, 2021. Amasa is allocating $125,000 of $AMAS tokens (1,562,500 $AMAS) to the Trustpad IDO.You can visit the Amasa IDO page on Trustpad now.TrustPad is a decentralized multi-chain fundraising platform enabling projects to raise capital and promise safety to early-stage investors.Trustpad users who stake their $TPAD tokens have priority access to projects. The amount of $TPAD a user stakes determines whether they enter a lottery for an IDO or are guaranteed a token allocation.KYC will be required for the Trustpad IDO. Users staking $TPAD must register for the IDO.The Amasa Trustpad release schedule is as follows: See the Trustpad FAQ for more information about the process. The Chainboost IDO starts at 13:00 UTC on Tuesday, September 28, 2021. Amasa is allocating $125,000 of $AMAS tokens (1,562,500 $AMAS) to the Chainboost IDO.You can visit the Amasa IDO page on Chainboost now.Chainboost is a decentralized cross-chain incubator and boostpad protocol centered upon NFT and DeFi projects. It requires a first-time KYC process to participate in IDOs on the platform.Once you’ve passed KYC, you will be given a “Boostscore” based on the following metrics: IDO applications are processed in a randomized lottery. Users with higher Boostscores are more likely to receive tickets for the IDO.The Amasa Chainboost release schedule is as follows: Watch this three-minute video for a step-by-step guide on how to complete the KYC and contribution process. You can also see more information at the Chainboost FAQ. Amasa is allocating $50,000 of $AMAS tokens (625,000 $AMAS) to the Genesis Shards pre-IDO NFT release.To view the Amasa pre-IDO listing on Genpad, go to the Genpad app, connect your ETH wallet, then click on the ‘Market’ tab at top of page.Here is the Genpad release schedule: Given Genpad KYC requirements and involvement of the GenAccess Club and GenTickets, we strongly recommend that anyone interested in participating in the pre-IDO NFT release on Genpad to visit the Genesis Shards website, read the Genesis Shards Telegram FAQ, and make arrangements well in advance. Thanks again to the community of wonderful people who have supported us over the last two years. We look forward to continuing our work with you to shape the future of investment streaming. Together, we’ll unlock the potential of Web 3.0 and DeFi for people around the world.
If you’ve spent any time playing MMORPGs in the past two decades, you have more than likely experienced firsthand just how much an in-game item can be worth to the right buyer.Trading of items and in-game resources is at the core of most MMORPGs.Sometimes, these trades happen in-game for gold, but more often than not, the most valuable items are sold outside of the game itself for USD. Video Game items have been sold for tens to hundreds of thousands of dollars.When we started building the core economy design for Ember Sword back in 2018, there was one long-lasting issue MMORPG players always face that we knew we wanted to find a solution for. From Ultima Online to World of Warcraft, Runescape, and all the others, it has always been the case that: That might not sound like an issue. But it is.And for 3 separate, yet interconnected, reasons: Ember Sword uses blockchain technology, because of the many benefits such as increased security, true ownership, transparent rarity and so on. Let’s dive a bit deeper into this subject, and why you as gamers will reap the benefits. Players will always own their cosmetics without exception; Even the developers of the game are unable to take back cosmetics once they’ve been handed out to someone.This puts the player in control of what happens to these cosmetics and what they want to do with them. Want to trade the item? Give it to a friend? Sell it for US dollars? All of these things become a reality to the player.We’re partnered with OpenSea, allowing players to trade directly in-game or on the OpenSea.io website. The beloved MadSeasonShow on YouTube is a long time World of Warcraft player. His account was somehow part of a mistake on Blizzard’s end resulting in many of his characters changing levels, and losing valuable items. He shows this in his video “Blizzard destroyed my account”.MadSeasonShow was unable to prove to Blizzard what items he owned, even though he had screenshots and video footage of many of his characters’ items. As we all know videos and images can be edited quite easily.In a game with blockchain technology this is not difficult to prove. Even in the very rare case that something like this would happen in Ember Sword, you, as a player, would still own the token on the blockchain, meaning you have literal proof of what cosmetics and land you own in Ember Sword. Ember Sword cosmetics and land plots are truly rare.The way this works, in simple terms, is that we connect each in-game cosmetic item, and land to a unique “token” (Non-fungible token, also called NFT) on the blockchain. The blockchain itself is essentially a public database, which means everyone and anyone can see all transactions that take place.It is this little program that ensures the digital scarcity of all cosmetic collectibles. Nobody, not even us as game developers, can ever create more copies of a cosmetic item because the “smart contract” says we can’t.What this means for you as a gamer is a few really cool things: You can trade outside of the game on whitelisted exchanges, such as OpenSea.io. We’re aiming to support multiple exchanges so users can freely choose which platform they prefer to trade on. Because of the blockchain, Ember Sword’s cosmetics have a public history record attached to them. This means that if this particular sword was the first in the world to kill a specific end-game boss, it will show on the cosmetic history record.This means that not only are cosmetics truly unique, scarce, and rare, but in fact, through in-game activities, players can create collectibles. Number 31 of 250 of a specific cosmetic sword, which has a record of being the first to kill a new end-game boss AND has killed the best Ember Sword player in the world 10 times, will most likely become a collectible item worth many times more than number 32 out of 250 of that specific cosmetic sword.You, as a collector, can buy that very specific cosmetic, and know that it is exactly that cosmetic used during the world’s first kill of an end-game boss. Collect them all, and become the most achieved collector in Ember Sword! Because Ember Sword uses blockchain technology you are able to:
The TOWER project will launch a series of NFT sales in a TOWER Premium Event on Binance NFT! Starting at 11 a.m. (UTC) on 5 November 2021, you will be able to purchase TOWER NFTs that can be used in the upcoming TOWER blockchain game, and that also include content for the existing Crazy Defense Heroes mobile game! TOWER is very proud to work with Binance NFT as we build an exciting blockchain tower defense game that will deliver GameFi and true digital property rights to players. If you love NFTs and our tower defense games, you will want to participate in these exclusive NFT sales! There will be two types of NFTs sold during this Binance NFT Premium Event: TOWER Tickets and TOWER Mystery Boxes.NFT Sale Landing:  TicketsThree tiers of TOWER Tickets are available: Gold, Silver, and Bronze. Owners of TOWER Tickets will be able to redeem Game Card NFTs for the upcoming TOWER blockchain game, and will also be able to redeem game items for the existing Crazy Defense Heroes (CDH) mobile game. Crazy Defense Heroes is a free-to-play tower defense mobile game with millions of downloads. Players can develop their own defensive strategy by using a wide arsenal of towers, spells, heroes, and equipment.Playing CDH and achieving specific milestones allows you to earn TOWER tokens! CDH holds play-to-earn events every month — learn about the latest event at:  playing yet? What are you waiting for — Download Crazy Defense Heroes now!One CDH User ID can redeem mobile game items from a maximum of 3 Gold, 3 Silver, and 3 Bronze Tickets. With these complementary mobile game items, you can progress much faster in our Play-to-Earn events!The Game Card NFTs redeemed from TOWER Tickets will have different utilities from those that can be obtained from the TOWER Chests (for more information about TOWER Chests, please read this article)*More details about the Game Card NFTs from TOWER Tickets will be announced soon.TOWER Mystery Box Each TOWER Mystery Box contains an Avatar Skin NFT that lets you have a unique Avatar appearance in the upcoming TOWER blockchain game.There are a total of 16 medieval fantasy-inspired Skins for your Avatar ranked in rarities of SSR, SR, R, and N, with SSR being the most valuable and rare.Check the collection here:  Mystery Boxes will be available for purchase, and 450 boxes will be given away in TOWER Token and Binance NFT community campaigns. Each Binance NFT user can purchase a maximum of 20 Mystery Boxes. Collector CampaignAttention, collectors: buyers who complete a specific collection of Avatar Skin NFTs within a set time frame will be airdropped two very special limited-edition Avatar Skin NFTs!That’s right! To reward meticulous collectors of Avatar Skins, every Binance NFT user who collects all 16 different avatar skins before 11:59:59 p.m. (UTC) on 14 November 2021 will be airdropped 2 newly designed SSR-ranked Avatar Skin NFTs (1 female and 1 male). The designs are as below: Please note that each account can receive a maximum of 1 male and 1 female limited edition SSR Avatar Skin NFTs. On 15–16 November, 2021, Binance will take a snapshot of your Avatar Skin NFT collection to check if you possess all 16 Avatar Skin NFTs. The exclusive SSR Avatar Skin NFTs will only be distributed once based on that snapshot, and distribution will be done within 7 working days after the snapshot. If you want the limited-edition skins, DO NOT withdraw your Avatar Skin NFTs from Binance NFT before the airdrop happens.Important notes:
Today I will show you how to make an entire generative art NFT collection with nothing but 21 lines of JavaScript.Here’s the minted collection, made up of 1000 items: And the following code is all you need to mint the above collection, literally. Best of all, this method does not depend on any 3rd party API, and instead utilizes a completely open source project (called Rarepress), which you can easily embed into all kinds of applications.This means once you learn how to do this, you can apply it to any NFT project you want! We will use an algorithmic avatar generation library called Dicebear (But you can imagine how you can simply switch out this engine to your own algorithmic image generator engine to mint your own art). The dicebear project automatically generates an avatar from a seed text you pass. Here’s an example code: The createAvatar() method generates an avatar SVG based on the seed attribute (which can be any text, but in this case "hello"). The automatically generated avatars look something like this: In this tutorial we will: The resulting collection will look something like this: You can also check it out yourself here:  Let’s first initialize the project. Create a new folder and initialize npm: For this project we need to install: Let’s install all the dependencies: Now we are all ready. Let’s go! Above NFT collection was minted 100% with nothing but the following 21 lines of JavaScript: You can also clone the code and follow along at: Let’s save the file as index.js, and run it using node index: I’ve included the console.log() line so it prints the marketplace URL after each token is published, so you should be able to visit the marketplace and check them out after running the program.You can also click the “creator” link from any of the token listing, and it should send you to the entire 10,000 item NFT collection page: Ok so we’ve just seen how just 21 lines of JavaScript code can mint an entire generative art NFT collection.Now let’s walk through each line of the code to discuss what’s happening. We first need to require the @dicebear/avatars and @dicebear/open-peeps module to algorithmically generate avatars based on some value.Also we need to require rarepress . Next we need to initialize Rarepress.In this case I am initializing with the "mainnet", but if you want to mint on testnet you can pass rinkeby or ropsten. We are going to generate 1000 NFTs, so we start a 1000 for-loop. (Feel free to lower it to a smaller number like 10 or 100) First we need to generate an avatar. We pass in the seed value of i.toString(), which means the seed value will be "1", "2", "3", …, "999" throughout the loop. And for each value, a unique avatar SVG file will be generated. Now that we have the SVG file in the svg variable, we add the file to Rarepress NFT file system using rarepress.fs.add(). Now we need to tokenize the image. For this we call rarepress.token.create() and pass in the NFT Metadata. Note that we are passing in "/ipfs/" + cid for the “image” attribute since that’s the SVG image we want to tokenize. Now it’s time to publish.Before publishing the token, we need to publish the SVG image and the metadata files to the public IPFS network first: Now we are ready to publish the NFT to a marketplace by calling rarepress.token.send(token), and that’s it! One of the problems with NFT marketplaces like Opensea and Rarible is that they organize NFT items per user account.The problem with this is, all your NFTs are mixed up into a single feed.People have tried to solve this problem by deploying a whole separate contract for each new collection, but this model is not really scalable since we can’t expect everyone to deploy their own contract just for this feature. Fortunately you don’t have to do that anymore.With Rarepress, you can take a single seed and generate infinite number of derived addresses, and mint each new NFT collection from a new address. You never reuse the address: This is powered by a crypto wallet standard called BIP44 (which is derived from another standard called BIP32), which is what all crypto wallets (including Ethereum wallets) are based on. If you have ever used a “seed phrase”, you have used BIP44. The great thing about BIP44 is that you can generate infinite number of addresses from a single seed.In case of MetaMask and other Ethereum wallets, they use a “derivation path” of m’/44'/60'/0'/0/0 as default. But you can simply tweak the end digit as much as you want in order to generate a new key for each new collection.Rarepress lets you do this by allowing you to pass a key attribute when initializing. This creates a new wallet for the rarepress session. For example here we are using a private key derived from the path m'/44'/60'/0'/0/21000000 : Basically, for every new NFT collection, you can isolate the collections by using the keys derived from: If you manage your NFT projects this way, every time you create a new NFT project you can simply increment the last digit of the key path, and never reuse the private keys. This way, every NFT project you publish will have its own standalone landing page, and you no longer have the problem of multiple NFT collections being merged into one.For example, this collection has 1000 items I have just minted: But I will never reuse the same address, and for the next collection I mint, I will use a different path, so none of my collections will overlap. Being able to mint with different address every time also has implications for privacy. Satoshi Nakamoto, the inventor of Bitcoin has discussed this in the Bitcoin Whitepaper: If you want to preserve privacy for your awesome NFT project, you can simply use a different key path. I have shown you how you can mint an NFT collection in a matter of minutes, and during the process, have introduced you to Rarepress, an NFT Operating System.But what has been discussed in this article is just the tip of the iceberg of what Rarepress can do. If you want to learn more, check out the homepage here: Or for some examples and tutorials on what else you can do, check out the following documentation:, one of the most important aspect of Rarepress is that it can enable a completely decentralized offchain network of NFTs. Basically, you are not limited to listing your NFTs in one marketplace website, you can publish it everywhere in a complete peer-to-peer manner.If you are interested in how this works, check out the following documentation:
Fame came almost immediately for the adorable artic pup, when the real life “Cryptopup” ( aka “Marshmewow”) at just one years old, got more views online at an Oscars red carpet celebration event ,than any real life star there when she “peed” on the red carpet before paparazzi and fans and it went viral. Cryptopup , is well know to social media stars, she dated Logan Paul’s pomeranian dog “Kong” on a youtube series for a whole series of youtube Vlogs Logan Paul produced, and than, cuddled up on Instagram with NBC ‘s Deal or No Deal Star Olga Safari, hugged up next to America’s Next Top models, did ABC’s The Bachelor TV promo hype with her Crypto “Daddy Dog”, just appeared in a crypto movie The 9th Raider, the list goes on. The crypto world, from South Korea to all over the world, are learning about her incredible gift at discerning real NFT Art. Her adopted pet owner, also a crypto trader, noticed she would tune into classical art, real valuable masterpieces, and loves iconic meditation and DJ music, as well as classical music, but seems to skip over most of the other noise and distractions as her human family scrolls during the day on NFT crypto exchanges viewing art. NFT Blue Hollywood California. USA Cryptopup, ( aka, “Marshmewow”… sounds just like how a 5 year old might pronounce marshmello), the adorable animated artic pup who has blown away fans with her trance state she goes into selectively tuning her artic ears to mesmerizing frequencies of some of the world’s top international DJ music, and mysteriously seems to have an an ability to stare at the most compelling NFT artwork , paintings, and select NFT art during the day when its projected onto the TV screen, as if in a meditation state. We kid you not! [Above] South Korean-American Model/Actress (‘The 9th Raider”) Kylin Kylani and Cryptopup on movie set.Cryptopup, also appears in the “Mad Max” like post apocalyptic crypto world movie set in the year 2037, where only crypto traders have the edge to survive called “The 9th Raider”, coming out in Fall, 2021. Deal or No Deal Star Olga Safari introduced CrytoPup to Logan Paul for video series about his dog Kong looking for a date and tiny tea cup artic fox pomeranian “wifey”. The video series with the romance complete with Logan Pauls former dog Kong, and CryptoPup’s ‘smash love pad” got over 50 million views. CryptoPup also started selling its apparel to video gamers in 2019. The NFT Blue curative creative team loves to play, and the team is surrounded by playful real life characters that helped make them want to create animated ones for crypto art lovers.The real “cryptopup” celebrated her 3rd year alone without fans and photographers aound, though in 2021 due to the Covid-19 global crisis. In the circles of her dog family and loved ones she is known by her birthname “Coco”. After living out in the countryside of San Diego, She got back to Los Angeles when things began to reopen landing immediately on another Oscars official media red carpet on her first day out. She also shot scenes for the movie crypto backed movie “The 9th Raider,” and has since appeared in many videos and social media blogs with social media stars.Her playfulness and face reminded the artistic team at NFT Blue team to include man’s best friend, in the fun . NFT Blue Co Founder ( Right) along with Social Media influencer Kim Rios at Cryptopup’s Hollywood birthday party . [Above] NFT Blue’s animation sneak peak from animation art team as the development of animated “Cryptopup” NFT’s takes shape.
Around the Block from Coinbase Ventures sheds light on key trends in crypto. In this edition, Justin Mart, Connor Dempsey, and Ejaaz Ahamadeen lay out what’s behind the growth of NFT markets.In 2020, a little over $200 million in NFTs changed hands. This February saw more volume than the entire year prior, with $340 million in sales. Then August blew every record away, with over $4 billion in total NFT volume on top marketplaces. When you factor in platforms outside Ethereum, some estimates show secondary sales alone in Q3 surpassing $10 billion.Simply put, the exponential growth of NFT markets represent the largest shift within the crypto landscape in years. At this point, most people are familiar with non-fungible tokens (“NFTs”): unique digital assets representing different forms of media that are tradable over internet marketplaces spanning art, gaming, sports memorabilia, music, and more.In this edition of Around The Block, we’ll provide a broad overview of what appears to be driving growth within the NFT landscape and what the future may hold for this technology. While NFTs reach far beyond the art world, art is still the category-defining NFT market responsible for much of the volume represented in the above chart. In many ways, the crypto art market mirrors that of traditional art. On the demand side, there are a mix of small and large collectors. On the supply side, there are renowned artists like Beeple, whose works sell for millions, as well as thousands of up and coming artists like Metsa (Maxwell Prendergast) whose work (pictured below) sell from anywhere between $100 and $10,000. Thousands of artists like Maxwell are gravitating to NFT art because it’s proving to be more equitable for creators than the traditional market. Thanks to the internet and social media, digital artists can have their work reach millions with just a few clicks. And now, thanks to smart contracts underlying NFTs, artists can be automatically compensated every time their work is resold. Compared to traditional art markets where artists often aren’t appreciated until well after their lifetime and where most of the value accrues to wealthy collectors from secondary sales, the appeal of the digital art market for the creators is clear.But why pay to own a piece of digital art, especially when the very nature of it being digital allows it to be replicated infinite times? In fact, we showcased Maxwell’s work above by simply cutting and pasting in a file without even paying him for it. The answer comes down to actual ownership. When someone buys NFT art, they’re not paying for a digital image but rather a socially-recognized record of ownership of the image registered on a blockchain like Ethereum. So while we can paste Maxwell’s work in this article, we don’t own the NFT tied to the work and therefore have nothing to sell.As it turns out, many people value owning digitally scarce works just as much as others value owning physical ones. While digital ownership doesn’t come with any unique legal protections, it can be programmatically verified, allowing platforms to enforce rules where only the owner can use an image for certain purposes (like in a Twitter profile, for example). This programmatic recognition of ownership is key to the baseline utility and value behind NFTs.Generative artThe rise in popularity of NFT art has in large part been fueled by a sector known as generative art, with the demand for it coming primarily from crypto native investors. Generative art is defined as art created via the use of an autonomous system. A prime example of generative art is CryptoPunks, which is also arguably the first significant NFT art collection.The CryptoPunk collection consists of 10,000 unique characters generated algorithmically through computer code created by a studio called Larva Labs. They built their program to randomly spit out pixelated characters each with varying traits — different hair, hats, etc. The program also generated three special types: 88 Zombies, 24 apes, and 9 aliens. After running the algorithm, this randomly generated assortment of characters were linked to Ethereum smart contracts and became traded and valued in part based on their rarity. One of the 9 alien punks with a unique mask and beanie, dubbed “Covid Alien”, recently fetched $11.75 million at auction. Art Blocks is a popular platform for generative art. Rather than creating and selling individual pieces, ArtBlocks allows artists to create algorithms that produce works of art before allowing collectors to “mint” a limited number of pieces. This is a novel process for creating and distributing art where both the buyer and the artist don’t even know what the algorithm will produce before the piece is minted.On ArtBlocks, a collection titled “Fidenza” by artist Tyler Hobbs is currently among the most valuable. Hobbs uses a flow field algorithm to produce unpredictable non-overlapping curves that are randomly colorized. This method produces digital works of art that have sold for as much as $3.5 million and look like something you’d see at the MOMA. But why are some pixelated characters or colorful non-overlapping waves selling for millions, while other similar pieces of NFT art sell for significantly less? The answer is tied to the unique culture that has developed around crypto and NFT markets.CryptoPunks and Fidenzas, for example, each have historical significance for the crypto community. CryptoPunks are credited with helping create the ERC-721 token standard that is the foundation of the entire NFT market. Fidenzas were the first well-executed and visually-appealing collection of on-chain generative NFTs.In this light, the asking price for these works makes more sense given their cultural significance for investors in crypto, which has been among the best performing asset classes of the last decade. For a growing subculture of crypto-native users, these rare NFTs serve as a status symbol, akin to a traditional collector owning a Picasso or a Rembrandt. Instead of being displayed in one’s home, they’re displayed prominently in online communities and on social media platforms like Twitter and Discord. As crypto culture bleeds further into the mainstream, so too is crypto art with celebrities like Jay-Z and Odell Beckham Jr. now prominently displaying their CryptoPunks on social media. Snoop Dogg also recently claimed to be a formerly anonymous NFT collector named @CozomoMedici with a $17M NFT art collection. To recap, the rise of NFT art has been made possible by provable ownership recorded via tokens on blockchains like Ethereum. NFT art has attracted artists from all over the world, leading to an explosion in the variety of art work available. Pieces with cultural significance within the crypto community tend to fetch higher price tags, but we’re already seeing crypto and mainstream culture merge, led by various influencers. Despite the growth of NFT art markets however, the highest grossing collection of NFTs comes from a different category altogether: gaming. Just as NFTs let people own unique works of digital art, they allow gamers to truly own in-game items. This gives players a real economic stake in the games they play.When you buy a typical game item, all you’re really getting is the experience of using it. When you buy an in-game item that’s also an NFT, you get an asset with resale value that can be taken with you to other games and experiences. Add in the ability to receive crypto for winning, and you get an entirely new model for gaming called “play-to-earn.”Axie Infinity and its 1.8 million users are currently the NFT gaming world’s crown jewel. In Axie Infinity, the Pokemon-like characters needed to play the game are themselves NFTs. Players receive crypto when they win battles, leading many in emerging markets to turn playing the game into a full-time job. Early collectors of Axie NFTshave seen their characters go from originally selling for $5 to nearly $500 in August. Total sales for these in-game NFTs recently crossed $2B, making it the highest selling NFT collection of all time. The real promise of NFT based games, however, comes from the combination of ownership and composability. Composability is an important crypto concept referring to how one protocol is natively interoperable with another — i.e. a token generated from MakerDAO can be traded on a decentralized exchange like Uniswap. Applied to gaming, this concept means that an in-game item created in one game can be used in a game created by a different developer — e.g. you can take your Axie character with you to a different game altogether.Projects like Decentraland, Sandbox, Somnium Space, CryptoVoxels, and TCG World are all creating virtual worlds where different gaming experiences can collide. These virtual worlds feature NFT “plots” that anyone can purchase and develop a game on top of. Thanks to composability, we may for example see someone build an arena in Decentraland where you can battle your Axie NFT against a Loot-equipped character. Thanks to composability, NFTs are also already interoperable with certain existing crypto infrastructure. This sets the stage for a collision between NFTs and existing DeFi primitives, which can bring greater utility and liquidity to the space.Just as it’s commonplace for wealthy collectors to post their works of art as collateral in return for a loan, the same is becoming possible with NFT art and gaming assets. NFTfi is one example of a project that lets users post their NFTs as collateral for a loan, or offer loans to others to gain use of their NFTs. This means an NFT collector can pay a small fee to temporarily turn an NFT into liquid capital that can be put to use yield farming. On the other side, someone can post some capital to borrow an Axie NFT that can in turn be put to use earning yield in the game.NFT collateralized loans are just one example of what’s possible when you combine NFTs and DeFi. Look for this space to grow rapidly as NFTs mature. Beyond art and gaming, NFTs are enabling the formation of new kinds of online communities and crypto powered consumer applications. For example, with Bored Ape Yacht Club, owning 1 of 10,000 disinterested looking Ape characters grants access to an exclusive community that includes admittance to a discord channel plus rights to new NFT airdrops and merchandise. This means that buying a Bored Ape unlocks access to a special club — one that’s even attracted NBA all-star Stephen Curry. Bored Apes helped pioneer this model but there are many NFT projects now employing it. There is also promise for NFTs to create new kinds of relationships between entertainers and fans, particularly in the world of music. Catalog, for example, lets artists sell unique tracks directly to fans in the form of Wav NFTs. This lets fans directly support their favorite artists by purchasing their music directly from the source. Imagine purchasing a limited edition Taylor Swift song before she got famous. NFTs can also create deeper relationships between fans and creators by conveying rights to exclusive experiences. For example, fans who purchased The Disclosure Face automatically received 4 tickets to any Disclosure show worldwide. On top of that, the purchasers became friends with the artist and Disclosure now regularly performs at their events. Just as with music, the world of sports and NFTs are also colliding. NBA TopShots, which turns NBA moments (i.e. a Lebron James dunk) into digital trading cards, is already among the top grossing NFT collections. The company behind TopShots also just announced plans to expand into the NFL. Sorare, which just raised a mammoth $680m Series B, has similarly partnered with international soccer clubs to generate NFTs that represent players. These NFTs form the basis of a fantasy sports competition in which users are rewarded when their players perform well. Social tokens can be viewed as the fungible cousins of NFTs. Similar to how Bored Apes or NFTs minted by certain musicians convey access to certain communities or experiences, social tokens do the same.Social tokens are catching on with creators and influencers who seek to create social communities around their individual brands. One interesting recent example is UCLA basketball player Jaylen Clark using the Rally platform to issue the $JROCK token. Holders of these tokens will get tickets to basketball games as well as unique content from Jaylen.Social tokens are even earlier in their adoption curve, but alongside NFTs, are helping form the backbone of crypto’s social layer. Crypto has now introduced several novel innovations to the world: first, Bitcoin and digital cash; then, Ethereum, smart contracts, and a revolution in capital formation; recently, DeFi and a reimagining of the financial system. Now, NFTs and what some believe will be a revolution in digital ownership and social coordination. Put all of these technologies together and you have the foundation for Web3 — an internet owned by its users.Given the recent rapid rise in NFT values, it is likely that this market will experience boom and bust cycles, similar to previous crypto innovations. Regardless, we’re likely to see a continued cambrian explosion of new experiments that range from brilliant to absurd, as the lines between the digital and physical world continue to blur.
Billboard winning music industry Andrew Lane says he is enthusiastic about a new trend for creators like himself and his artists. Many Hollywood creatives are tired of the big studios collecting most, if not all of the royalties and revenues and payouts for other’s creativity and songs, often with royalties not showing up for years, if at all royalty payouts. But with blockchain verified NFT’s that unfair system could soon by history. Andrew produced multi platinum records for Disney artists like Hannah Montana ( “Miley Cyrus”) , won a Billboard on High School Musical 3, appeared on “P Diddy’s” MTV hit “Making the Band”, wrote songs on Disney hits like “Princess Diaries” and is in the “who’s who” in Hollywood top music producers for the next teen idols. The truth is as he explains,” the industry has gotten harder and harder each decade” due to digital copies easily shared all over, and a lack of transparency in revenue collections around the world for artists. He thinks the NFT marketplace is going to be a game changer. Music artists can now release unique album covers, exclusive songs and artwork together in cataloged collections in partnership and help from NFT Blue. And the best part ;most of the time the payments to the artists are instant. Something artists are really sore about is how platforms like Youtube , Amazon Prime, and Spotify monetize the artists and pay them months later with reports that often are fuzzy and not able to be verified. Not with Blockchain technology. That game of using artists money will soon be over.Former teen start Daniel Curtis Lee ( of Nickelodeun and Disney Fame) will be one of the upcoming releases with NFT Blue with his NFT tied to his work on the motion picture and sound tracks on “The 9th Raider”, the first motion picture backed and funded by NFT initiatives. Daniel did hundreds of tv shows on those networks and got a fan base built up but now and with NFT he can take control of his digital rights, and earn money directly from fan bases both connected to his new movie he stars in, and any sound tracks he records that are tied into the NFT releases.
NFTs are Non-Fungible Tokens, and are getting increasingly popular as they can be used to tokenize practically anything that can be made distinct. Applications such as tokenizing real estate, shares in a company, educational certificates, unique and special items in games, paintings, songs, diamonds, identity, voting, loyalty programs, provenance in supply chain, financial documents such as invoices, bills etc, are why people are increasingly looking at NFTs as the next big thing in blockchain implementation.NFTs are distinct from Fungible Tokens, which are tokens that are indistinguishable from each other — meaning that if you exchange a bar of gold with another, or a dollar bill for another, or a bag of sugar for another bag of sugar of the same weight and quality, these are Fungible and easily replaced and unidentifiable from each other. Fungible Tokens are also divisible but NFTs are not. Simply put, Utility Tokens provide a function such as a reward or voucher that entitles the holder to some service or product that is supplied by the issuer of the utility token.Security Tokens represent ownership of an asset and provide rights to the holders of Security Tokens that are akin to securities, such as voting rights, dividends, economic rights, etc.Many jurisdictions also treat Utility Tokens similarly to Payment Tokens, as long as they can be used as a medium of exchange, meaning that Payment Tokens (like how Singapore treats utility and payment tokens as Digital Payment Tokens) can act as a store of value and medium of exchange such as Bitcoin and Ethereum. NFTs usually do not grant the token holder any entitlements against the issuer, as a typical case is a unique Baseball card or Pokemon or Magic the Gathering Trading Card — buyers and holders simply purchase NFTs as collectibles, and buying these cards does not give them any right against the manufacturers of the collectibles. Innovative ways of utilizing NFTs are now coming to market — one of the ways for the community to benefit from buying NFTs is being offered by the Kingswap Project, which is issuing 3 NFT tiers — their King Vamp, Queen Sparkle, and Knight Lancelot NFTs. Buyers of these 3 types of NFTs of the Kingswap project can enjoy loyalty rewards from the $KING tokens being issued by the Kingswap project. This allows the purchasers to enjoy similar benefits to the early users of the very popular Uniswap project, which gave an airdrop of 400 UNI tokens to all their users from before 1 September 2020, which was a huge bonus payout to their early supporters (approximately USD 1200 worth of rewards for free at the initial issue price of USD 2,90 per UNI token when distributed). Buyers of the Kingswap project’s King Vamp NFTs would enjoy the top tier (60% of allocations) of rewards issued by the Kingswap project, for both their $KING tokens, as well as any future projects that wish to provide marketing campaign airdrops to promote their new projects launching on the Kingswap Decentralized Exchange. Queen Sparkle NFT buyers would enjoy mid-tier rewards (30%) from such airdrops, and Knight Lancelot NFT buyers would enjoy basic tier rewards (10% of allocations) from such airdrops. These are some of the most cutting edge and innovative ways that the Kingswap project have come up with to reward their early adopters and loyal community members and supporters through the issuance of NFTs. 1) KingSwap is backed by a credible team and was built to conform to stringent regulatory requirements2) Users are able to convert their Cryptocurrency to Fiat currency through our OTC portal and they can choose to load their fiat monies into our issued VISA/Unionpay Cards3) Following the popular UniSwap liquidity pool model to reward the community by providing an avenue for liquidity providers to earn from transaction fees from swappers4) Early LPs (Liquidity providers) are able to earn “tributes” from Kingswap before migration of the liquidity pools5) There will be multiple secret airdrops for early supporters who purchase Kingswap NFTs after the launch of KingSwap, and for early liquidity providers and users of the platform..6) Earn more $KING when you stake your $KING with us! Unlock more benefits for staking more $KING for a longer duration such as 0% King’s Card Transactions fee, Higher rewards earned from staking, and more merchant benefits such as: free spotify, Netflix exclusive member access to airport lounges, access to co-working offices globally, etc.
4.31 Million Raised: Level of Appreciation Cannot be OverstatedWe at PolkaFantasy are in absolute awe. While we are highly aware that we have one of the most supportive and motivated communities within the entirety of the crypto-space, I don’t think any of us were fully prepared for the absolute festivities our community conjured up within our ecosystem. We were hoping that our NFT pre-sale would be an absolute success, and we are so thankful to our PolkaFantasy family for making that a reality! With 4.31 million dollars accomplished, we really couldn’t have asked for a better event!Announcement: PolkaFantasy NFT Auction Final ResultWe are proud to announce that we have had a total of 6327 valid bids (excluding 10 NFTs in Legendary tier which counted separately) with USDT （ERC20 on Ethereum) submitted in the event.20% of 6,327 bids is 1,265.4, and we chose to round up the number to 1,266 to include more users. If there is more than one bid on the borderline amount for each tier, they will all be included in the upper tier. Therefore, the borderline for Epic Tier lies at 1021.21 or above, whereas the Rare Tier’s borderline is at 252.78 or above.By doing this, we are hoping to include more people in both Epic and Rare tiers, so as to make the coming game more exciting with all these NFTs. Great Quests Comes With Great HeroesWe at PolkaFantasy appreciate everyone participation, no matter the amount, as it symbolizes to us the overwhelming commitment of our community to the PolkaFantasy ecosystem. With that said, a couple special mentions for some of our most luxury NFTs are in order, as I know much of our community was wondering what the sale price of these NFTs would look like upon the completion of the event.These highly valued NFTs fall under the Legendary Tier, and include the $XP Genesis NFT, which the bidder won at a staggering $106,540, as well as the Genesis Land NFT, which sold at a visually appealing amount of $88,888. Tomb NFT: Special Surprise For High-Value Single BidsIn PolkaFantasy, heroes never perish. In our infinite quests, heroes come and go, but they will always come back stronger than before.In order to reward our heroes who tried to get in Legendary Tier, but sacrificed at the end of this quest, we have something special for them.For any single valid bids at $5,000 or above which do not fall into Legendary Tier, in addition to the Epic card, we will reward the bidder with a special ‘Heroes Never Perish’ Tomb NFT. This NFT is a one-time release to commiserate over the legacy of these courageous heroes. It is not for sale in the future!By having this Tomb NFT, you are certified as the great heroes that have no fear to challenges. (This only applies to single bids at $5,000 or above. Accumulated value from an identical address does not count, because this is for the most courageous bidders.)For a successful game, we understand surprise and delight matter. Therefore, we strive to integrate more playful elements in our future events too!We Are Highly Aware of Our Community’s Eagerness to Take Part in the PolkaFantasy WorldBy deeply considering these stats, we know that our community is eager to get started within the PolkaFantasy World, and we would like to remind everyone that we are working day-in and day-out to make sure that happens for everyone as soon as possible and that these contributions help significantly for these trailblazing efforts!
GΛMΞRSΞ is the new home for NFT gaming in a cross-chain, cross-platform social media hub, unifying the fragmented NFT gaming community. GAMΞRSΞ is the LFG (“Looking For Group”) platform for the entire NFT gaming industry, and we will be around for gamers of all shades and hues, no matter which title holds the #1 spot. As a social platform, GAMΞRSΞ unites gamers in a single, fun community, constantly adapting to the newest and most viral trends. GΛMΞRSΞ provides a new way for users to engage socially with an easy-to-use UI. Interact with other users’ content, create groups, community pages, and keep up to date with a personalized Discover feed. Some integrated features include direct messages, the live feed, newly minted NFTs, NFT promotions, your NFT drop watchlist, recent purchases, and much more.Post, add hashtags, and engage with your followers directly without needing to create a dedicated account. Collaborate and expand your audience simply by sharing a post. The social atmosphere is what will make the marketplace vibrant and alive. A place where people will want to hang out without feeling excluded by lack of experience or an unintuitive UI. The GΛMΞRSΞ Marketplace aims to aggregate and display all the popular NFT Gaming marketplaces on one social platform and support cross-chain compatibility. The calendar view will reveal all upcoming NFT drops, keeping the entire community in the loop.Multiple selling options include fixed prices, NFT+fixed price, multi-NFT, or Auction pricing. Filter by your favorite games and shop in our cross-platform aggregated social marketplace. Official community pages will also include a shortcut to their marketplace and list new NFT drops! Filter by gamers on the platform and find the most rare collectibles in the market! An in-depth breakdown of the LFG token can be found HERE. The dedicated LFG token allows users to enjoy additional benefits while using the platform. Using $LFG discounts transaction fees and can be staked for rewards based on holding for fixed periods of time. Staking pools are split into three tiers, Moon, Venus and Mars. Moon is the most premium with extra incentives, Venus and Mars pool all unlock rare avatars which our community can use in GΛMΞRSΞ metaverse in v2. Holders of the $LFG token will have voting rights in some of the governance decisions on the platform, similar to other blockchain DAOs. Participants can make governance proposals for improvements on the platform itself, marketing of the platform, etc., and the proposal will be funded with enough support. As an integral part of the gaming community, it is only logical to lend a hand in creating new gaming experiences. The GΛMΞRSΞ Launchpad GΛMΞRSΞ Studio provides three options to the gaming community. GΛMΞRSΞ aims to become the most user-friendly, open-arms platform for gaming on the market. The barrier for entry will be as non-existent as it is for any modern social media platform. This will open the door for a much larger audience of new crypto and NFT enthusiasts. The gaming community is spread out over many different platforms and networks. As NFT gaming surges in popularity, a streamlined, all-in-one solution for sharing and communication will take the industry to the next level and beyond.For a more detailed description of the platform and services, take a look at the GΛMΞRSΞ Whitepaper.
As Seedify.fund we are pleased to announce a partnership with Mochi.Market, an NFT focused project who developed the first token claimable NFT airdrop smart contract service, initially for Seedify.fund.As well as live to be used by the whole market, to increase the adoption of NFT related campaigns, thus increasing the awareness and adoption of NFTs in the blockchain ecosystem, and outside of the blockchain ecosystem as well.We will use Mochi.Market’s airdrop service on the NFT lottery we held, celebrating our community’s vote to be on Binance Smart Chain, which had over 250.000 entries, where 100 random lucky winners were selected to win a special NFT, which is redeemable for 1000 SFUND each.Besides this collaboration, our partnership with Mochi.Market will continue on other aspects related to the NFT market, since their main aim is to develop the “Uniswap of NFTs”, a dex where there can be AMM liquidity for NFTs, which as Seedify.fund, we believe will serve great to the NFT market, and increase the adoption of NFTs even further.MochiLabs co- founded by Sophia Ho and a co-founding team mainly made up of skilled blockchain researchers and engineers, who have won many awards and hackathons, the most recent one being the Binance Hackathon — The Future is Now, Third Prize and Honorable Mentions Prize.As Seedify.fund, we are a blockchain innovation ecosystem, with a Seed Stage Fund, Decentralized Incubator, and Launchpad to foster the innovations of blockchain ecosystem, and we see NFT category as a groundbreaking technology, which will have many different use cases in the future, and thus we will also have a particular funding system for NFT artists and creations, funding NFTs through “Initial NFT Offerings” as well.So the partnership with Mochi.Market on this token claimable airdrop service is just the start of a long collaboration, and as Seedify.fund we will continue to develop future collaborations to increase the adoption of NFTs. With a shared vision to facilitate growth, investment, and adoption in blockchain innovation, Seedify.fund — Mochi.Market collaboration will focus on the following aspects: Having both partners being positioned in Binance Smart Chain and aiming to become cross-chain projects with other networks, Seedify.fund and Mochi.Market aim to leverage this partnership to further enhance adoption of NFT landscape.
Here at LegendsOfCrypto (LOCGame), we’re continuously innovating to bring you the most original crypto NFT characters. For us, it’s all about maintaining a fun game-playing environment while keeping things fresh with our character selection. But what’s behind the faces of these NFTs?To answer that question, today we’re thrilled to introduce our LOCGame Spotlight Series! In this series, we’ll reveal the stories and personas behind each of our beloved NFT characters.This will give you a deeper understanding behind who these characters are and what they bring to the table. Consider it a quick reference guide in a story-like fashion, where all of the key information for each NFT is right at your fingertips. LOC is a top trump DeFi NFT card game running on the Ethereum and Matic blockchains where players can collect and earn from trading and holding their assets. Each card character is customized, rare, and tailored to various crypto influencers and figures across the industry.The NFTs are extremely scarce, contain custom artwork created by top artists, and can be staked to earn rewards — making them uniquely valuable.The different characters are categorized in the following ways: Players can utilize the $LOCG governance token to interact with the game, buy/exchange for NFTs, earn rewards, vote on proposals, and more.LOC has been designed as an easy-to-play game — every card has a specific value based on a set of data, and players have to select which category they want to play in. Then, players need to compare the cards’ value and trump the value of their opponent’s cards — this is done by playing a related and more valuable card.In order to win the game, a player needs to possess the highest value cards in the specific category.It’s that simple! Within this new series, the lore and story of each character will be explored. You’ll learn all about the concept and meaning behind each NFT card, giving you all of the information you need to truly immerse yourself within and have fun with the game.Some of the NFT characters are below:
Get ready to return to the Zapperverse.On September 23 at midnight GMT, Season 2 of Zapper Quests will go live. Users will once again be able to earn experience for activities they do on the dashboard and level up their wallet addresses as they achieve XP milestones.We have added several exciting new features to Season 2 of our dashboard gamification, which will enrich questing and teach curious players more about the Zapperverse itself.Start Date: Sept 23, 2021 at 00:00:00 GMTEnd Date: January 1, 2022 at 23:59:59 GMT There is much to be discovered about the Zapperverse and Mount Zap, the mysterious land that Zapeus calls home. Each NFT users earn will reveal a bit more about this strange place and the deities that live there.They say true financial freedom awaits those who are keen enough to find their way through the DeFi labyrinth at the base of Mount Zap and journey to the mountain’s peak… This Season, users will collect XP AND Volts when completing Quests on the Zapper dashboard.XP allows users to level-up, whereas Volts will give users more flexibility with an exciting new mechanism in the Zapper NFT collecting experience — crafting.Users will also be able to burn NFTs earned during Season 2 to collect 75% of the NFT cost in Volts. This will be helpful if users are focused on earning a higher level of a specific Season 2 NFT, and have extras of a different NFT that they do not plan to craft.To reward long-time users, everyone who participated in Season 1 of Zapper Quests will start Season 2 with 100 Volts per level they reached in Season 1. Keep this in mind as you plan your Season 2 collection! Season 2 introduces the ability to combine Zapper NFTs to increase their rarity levels. There are four rarity levels in Season 2: Common, Silver, Gold, and Trophy.Users can craft a Silver version of an NFT once they collect 3 Common versions of it; 3 Silver versions will enable users to craft a Gold version; and 3 Gold Versions will allow users to craft a Trophy. Note that all NFTs used for crafting are burned; so choose your crafts wisely!Users can also spend Volts they have accumulated through Quests to craft NFTs. For example, if a user has only two Silver versions of a Season 2 NFT, they can spend Volts to make up the difference in place of the required third Silver NFT. Another option, depending on how many Volts you have earned, is to craft NFTs using only Volts.The timeline Season 2 should allow all users to collect a variety of NFTs at various rarity levels; the season doesn’t end until the New Year. However, if their time on the dashboard is limited, users will need to decide which NFTs they have their hearts set on collecting & Quest accordingly. Some of our favourite characters will be returning for another appearance in the Zapperverse. Season 1 Zapeus and Zappy NFTs can be used to craft higher-tier versions of themselves in Season 2! They are also the only Season 2 NFTs that can be used to craft a Trophy-tier NFT.Zapeus and Zappy will be joined by a number of new characters, all with their own unique NFT, and each of whom have an important role in the Zapperverse.While NFTs can only be crafted on Ethereum, Season 2 Quests can be done on other supported sidechains. This way, users can earn XP and Volts on any network. Like in Season 1, users will complete activities listed under the “Quests” tab on the dashboard to claim experience and level up their address. No transaction is required to claim experience, only an off-chain signature is needed.Quests can be completed on any network integrated with our dashboard, and there will be various types of quests available: daily, weekly, or unique one-time quests. For those that participated in Season 1, please note that your levels and XP will NOT be reset. You will be able to continue collecting experience from where you left off!All users will have a chance to earn XP and level up by completing different Zapperverse quests. There are also streak bonuses that increase experience earned if users complete the daily quests on consecutive days.
NFTmall’s long-term vision to synergize NFT and DeFi includes a revolutionary NFT based IDO launchpad called NFTPAD that securely connects innovators to investors.It is built on top of NFTmall’s robust multi-chain & cross-chain infrastructure. Furthermore, as a way to solve rampant drawbacks of existing launchpads, such as difficulties in getting guaranteed allocations and price dump of launchpad tokens after IDO completion, we will be introducing several loyalty reward schemes to incentivize our pioneering investors and innovators. Among the loyalty reward schemes are the Founder NFT representing the highest membership of the upcoming NFTmall’s own IDO launchpad — NFTPAD.We proudly announce that investors of NFTmall’s $GEM token (all rounds of sales) have an equal chance to win this 50 exclusive NFTmall Founder NFT! Founder NFTs are NFTmall’s first loyalty reward upon launching the NFTPAD. It is the Blue Chip to participate in the successive sales on the upcoming NFTmall IDO platform/LaunchPad. With the Founder NFTs, lucky owners are entitled to several activities on discount rates based on nominations and loyalty. Founder NFT is our first step to solving the difficulties of getting whitelisted in traditional IDO platforms. With it, lucky owners will get whitelisted with ease for every IDO on the launchpad. In addition, these NFTs over time might have significant financial benefits, considering that they will give access to participate in all the partnered/launched projects of the NFTmall IDO platform. Winners of NFTmall founder NFTs will be able to trade those NFTs on secondary marketplaces for financial gains. Ideally, Founder NFTs price should appreciate commensurate with the $GEM token and the growth of the NFTmall ecosystem includes NFTmall IDO Launchpad and others. Owners of Founder NFT can use it for membership fees as needed. For instance, if the $GEM token price reaches $5, and the highest membership requires staking 5,000 $GEM, each Founder NFT will have $25,000 in value. Recall that we have already demonstrated successful IDO launches by completing 3 rounds of presale on our platform that are sold out within minutes. In addition, leveraging the Founder NFTs will guarantee owners access to forthcoming IDOs on NFTmall IDO Launchpad instead of holding a specified amount of GEM as per membership requirements.
After you log in to the game and start exploring the map, you will have sets of options from which they can choose. Parts of the map will be available for players to buy. These specific areas called NFT Lands will be for sale so players can buy them. Each Mine will be unique and distinctive. By developing new and new partnerships with other projects, there will be many new things to earn for your NFT Lands and account. Once you select the NFT Lands filter, a pop-up of buyable lands will appear, and you will choose the one you like. One of these NFT Lands is called Mines. Each district that factions will fight over will have its specific sets of Mines. Specific areas will have different climates and types of mines, which means each Mine will generate exclusive resources. When you purchase a Mine, it will generate Meda-gas for you and unique resources that players can pick up periodically. If you own an NFT character (Let's say Zombie Chad ), you can send him to your Mine, and he will generate more resources. If you own a mine in the enemy district, you will have few options. You can pay taxes for using your mine or risk smuggling resources unnoticed and face the risk of being revealed and losing a significant portion of your collected resources.Owning the NFT Lands will provide you with many benefits. One of them is renting. You can rent the Mine for other players’ NFT to mine the resources. By setting the percentage cut of the gathered resources, you can earn a passive income of Meda-gas.
Recently we announced the distribution of our most recent proof-of-concept experiment ‘Anime Production Committee 2.0’ in which we take key scenes from the anime promotional video ‘Otaku Coin World’ and turn them into 777 replica anime scene NFTs with serial numbers. We have just completed the distribution of the anime scene NFTs to the entrants.The following is an explanation on how to receive (confirm) your anime scene NFT on the PC. Using the following blog, please connect your MetaMast wallet to Polygon (Matic Mainnet). If you are already connected to matic, please move on to Step 2. While logged in to MetaMask, open ‘OpenSea’. OpenSea is a marketplace in which users can buy and sell NFTs.Connect to OpenSea to confirm your ‘Replica Scene NFT. You will also be able to confirm your ‘Replica Scene NFT’ serial number.If you click on the ‘Wallet’ icon at the top right of OpenSea, you will see the following screen. Click ‘MetaMask’ to connect! When you are connected, the ‘Person’ icon next to the ‘Wallet’ icon you just pushed will change to your own account. If you hover your mouse over the icon, it should display as ‘My Profile’.You can use the following URL to move onto the next step. Here it is!You will find your ‘Replica Scene’ NFT!When you finally have your ‘Replica Scene’ in front of you on your screen, you finally get the feeling of being an owner!Which scene from the lineup did you receiveLet’s get on Twitter and show it off! Don’t forget to download our app and follow us on social media!iOS: Android: Otaku Coin official website: Facebook page:
Missed the previous TOWER-themed REVV Racing car NFT? Here is your second chance to earn a new one! 2. Link your MetaMask wallet with your CDH user ID at crazydefenseheroes.com, before 8 a.m. (UTC) on 31 August 2021. A step-by-step guide to link your MetaMask wallet with your CDH user ID is available here.3. Hold in your MetaMask wallet a minimum of 500 REVV tokens and 500 TOWER tokens, before 8 a.m. (UTC) on 31 August 2021. Make sure that the MetaMask wallet is the same as the one you linked to your CDH User ID. In February 2021, Animoca Brands launched the Tower Experiment, and players are now able to earn TOWER tokens by playing Crazy Defense Heroes free-to-play mobile game.The TOWER Token is an ERC-20 fungible utility token for the TOWER Platform. The TOWER Platform comprises the TOWER token, the free-to-play mobile games Crazy Kings and Crazy Defense Heroes, and an upcoming blockchain PC game. REVV Racing is the newest play-to-earn title in the REVV Motorsport metaverse of racing games, and is a milestone in Animoca Brands’ ambitious plan to develop blockchain-based games that have the quality, look, and feel of traditional video games.In REVV Racing, cars are NFTs and all play sessions are registered on blockchain — but it looks and plays like the 3D car racing games already familiar to millions of gamers all over the world. You can learn more about REVV Racing by watching this video.The alpha version of REVV Racing was launched on August 11 alongside its first tournament — Alpha Inaugural, where players competed for an impressive prize pool of US$150,000.Prior to the start of new play-to-earn events at REVVRacing.com, users will be able to earn a TOWER-themed REVV Racing car NFT, which is exclusive to this event — and different from the TOWER-branded REVV Racing car NFT previously created. * The fox should now be in the upper right hand corner of the browser IMPORTANT: you will now be given 12 words that make up your backup “secret phrase” Confirm and save your secret phrase, now your wallet should be set up REVV Racing is built on the Polygon chain, so you need to change your MetaMask network from Ethereum Mainnet to Polygon Mainnet. To do so, follow these steps:
Welcome to the LegendsOfCrypto!Make sure to follow our Medium so you are always up-to-date on all of the latest and greatest news, announcements, and developments related to crypto legends like yourself!NFTs have begun taking off and are generating immense buzz in the crypto verse and they exist on a wide spectrum on just about any subject or topic you can imagine. Everyone’s talking about them, from your average crypto traders, designers, auctioneers, your uncle’s grandmother all the way to mainstream A-list celebrities.But the hype is just beginning.The possibilities are endless, and we’re officially joining the party and riding the wave by bringing our own creative ideas to the table — taking NTFs in a whole new direction by using crypto celebrities and influencers as the focus of our attention.What is LegendsOfCrypto?LegendsOfCrypto is a brand new NFT collectible and trading card game that runs on top of decentralized blockchain; supported by Ethereum and Matic Networks. Our NFTs come with an exciting twist, as they will feature prominent crypto influencers and characters as collectible digital artwork.With the amazing ecosystem of best in the business partners supporting us, we couldn’t be more excited for this pivotal moment in NFT history. Now is the time, and we are here, ready to put in the work to create an evergreen snapshot of history. Here at LOC, we want to celebrate the contributions and image of real world characters that have moved markets, changed the course of history, and provided valuable solutions with their creativity, charisma, and leadership.Blockchain technology helps us accomplish our vision by introducing various gamified systems to collect, play, earn rewards and have fun at the same time; all with our beautiful NFT cards!We are well on the path to create the next best thing in NFTs.
There is so much to do from launching to running an NFT project. Creating parts for artworks, generating 10,000 unique artworks and metadata, creating a smart contract and deploying it to a blockchain network, creating a website, creating a Twitter account, setting up a Discord server, setting up an OpenSea collection. In addition, you need to have MetaMask installed in your browser and have some ETH / MATIC. Did you get tired of doing all this? Don’t worry, once you know what you need to do, all you have to do is do it one by one.To be honest, it’s best to run an NFT project in a team of three or more, including artists, developers, and marketers. However, depending on your motivation, you can do it by yourself. Some people might come later to offer help with your project. The most important thing is to take a step as soon as possible.In this article, I will focus on what I did to launch my NFT project, what I failed, and what you should be aware of in running your NFT project. The content of this article is all based on my experience.If you would like to know more about each section, have questions, or have a discussion, please join our Discord community. It has a #dev channel. The Skulls In Love NFTs can be minted for a small amount of MATIC on the official website. Please give it a try to see what kind of unique characters will appear 💀💖The Skulls In Love community aims to be a place for people interested in Web3, Blockchain, NFT, Digital art, etc. to interact. There are a lot of amazing developers and creators who are full of LOVE. Please join us!Also, it has a #offering-and-hiring channel for those who are: If you’re worried about starting your project alone, you can leave your request there. There are lots of free/paid software for drawing, but after all, I think Adobe Illustrator or Photoshop is the best. The images of Skulls In Love are a composite of 48x48 pixel parts created using Photoshop.The most important thing in creating parts for generative art is to repeatedly test what your artworks will look like after each layer has been combined. The generated artworks should not be too unnatural. Are you wondering how many parts you should create to avoid duplication as much as possible when generating your artworks? My friend Stephane, a developer, has created a great tool to help with that: See the article below for more details: (Added on January 16, 2022) I highly recommend using the HashLips Art Engine to generate your artworks and metadata. Perhaps there is no better artworks generation tool at the moment. Learn how to use the generator in the YouTube video above.When setting up the generator, pay attention to the layers, as mentioned earlier. See the example below: The medical mask is three-dimensional, but the tears are in front of it. This is actually unnatural. I later realized this failure and regretted it a lot, but in a sense, I positively consider these failed works to be “rare”. Ideally, the generated artworks and metadata should be stored on-chain, but if you want to store them off-chain, you should use IPFS. Do not store in centralized storage. This is because data will be lost if the server goes down or if the company goes down. On the other hand, IPFS is a more secure way to find data because it utilizes a distributed, decentralized system.Storing to IPFS is easy with Pinata, NFT.Storage, and so on. The Skulls In Love uses Pinata. It’s very easy to use, just upload the folder containing your artworks. However, it contains 10,000 images, so there are too many and an error occurs. If this happens, follow the documentation below: If the upload still fails, there might be a problem with your internet connection. Try to improve your internet speed. You don’t have to create a smart contract from scratch. There are many great NFT projects, many of which publish their contract source code on Etherscan / PolygonScan. You can choose the contract you like and reuse it. Of course, that requires some knowledge of Solidity, but it depends on your efforts. If you don’t know which contract to choose, use the HashLips smart contract. It’s very simple, but it has almost all the functions you need. Learn how to set up the contract in the YouTube video above. It’s the same video I introduced in the previous section.Note: Later on, you may want to change the cost value. You can change it on Remix or Etherscan / PolygonScan. But in this case, enter the Wei value instead of the Ether value. For example, if you want to sell for 1 MATIC, you have to enter “1000000000000000000”. If you set this value to “1”, you will have a nightmare. I recommend using Simple Unit Converter as a tool to calculate the Wei value. The website here is not just a static site to showcase your project, it’s a so-called dApp that allows you to access your smart contract and mint NFTs. In fact, this level of dApp is not too difficult for anyone who has ever created a website. Because the ethers.js / web3.js libraries make it easy to interact with your smart contract. There’s also no problem connecting wallets, as MetaMask has great documentation.HashLips also provides a sample dApp that you can use to quickly create your own dApp. But honestly, it’s slow, complicated, and not modern, so I can’t recommend it.The Skulls In Love uses a simple, fast, and modern dApp that I built from scratch using Next.js. It is published on GitHub, so feel free to use it: Not all NFT projects require their own smart contracts (dApps). If your project has 100 NFTs, you can upload them directly to OpenSea for sale. But what if you have 10,000 NFTs? It’s only a pain to manually upload and manage them all.Besides, it’s more game-like and fun to have the element of not knowing what will come out after minting, rather than just selling NFTs, isn’t it?As you may know, smart contracts aren’t just for minting NFTs. If you are interested in building your dApp in the future, getting used to using smart contracts is definitely worth it.(Updated on January 30, 2022) I highly recommend creating a Twitter account. Twitter is an indispensable tool for announcing giveaways and reaching more people. It’s better to announce your project and your artworks little by little, 1–2 weeks before launching your project. I highly recommend creating a Discord server as well as a Twitter account. The Discord server is a community and its home. Fans of your NFT project will want to join your community and interact with many other members. So, carefully create each channel on your Discord server to make it a cozy place for your community members.If you are unfamiliar with Discord, you may be particularly confused by the following: But don’t worry. There are lots of great YouTube videos and blog posts about these.It’s also a good idea to join the Discord servers of some NFT projects and see how they’re made. Our Discord server is so simple that even beginners will find it easy to understand. Please join us and see it!Note: First, create a test account and a test server to make sure your bots and permissions work properly. It is better to verify the behavior on the test server before setting up your production server.UPDATED: As your Discord server grows, you cannot manage it on your own. In this case, you will be hiring several moderators, but choose carefully before hiring. And don’t give them important role permissions right after hiring. Initially, the same permissions as other members are sufficient. After a while, you can add permissions as needed, such as kicking/banning, using the “@every” tag, and adding roles. Again, don’t immediately give significant permissions to your Mod role. Your server can be messed up by fake moderators. Before you start selling your NFTs, you need to reserve some for airdrops, giveaways, staff, and more. It’s up to you whether it’s 100, 500, or how many.After minting some of your NFTs, your account and collection should have been created in OpenSea. Go to OpenSea, connect to your wallet, and set up your collection. Just set your logo, banner image, description, links, royalties, and more. It’s not that difficult. After all, promotion is the most important thing. In fact, almost every successful NFT project spends a lot of time and effort on it.In addition to Twitter and Discord, it’s even better to use Instagram, Reddit, and Medium. Also, register your project in NFTCalendar and DISBOARD: I’m still struggling because I launched my project without enough marketing and promotion. I hope you don’t make the same mistakes as I do.UPDATED: Due to the large number of scammers coming from DISBOARD, I have stopped using it in our community since February 2022. You may be worried that if you promote your project before it starts, someone will copy your project (artworks). It is true that some projects have actually suffered such damage. I don’t have a clear answer to this question right now, but: I think these are important.If anyone has a good idea, please share it!(Added on January 14, 2022) You’ll probably get lots of contacts from promoters on your Discord, Twitter, Instagram, and more. But most of them are scams, so don’t pay right away. If you have a promoter that looks attractive to you, be sure to check the promoter’s social media accounts or website to see who he/she is. They basically charge in dollars. The amount they charge isn’t cheap, but promoters with lots of followers may have some temporary effect on your project. Some promoters accept 50% prepaid and 50% postpaid. If you can afford it, it might be worth a try. I never ask them, though.🚨: Beware of scams disguised as Twitter accounts of well-known YouTubers. If you receive a DM about promotion from those suspicious accounts, make sure their handles are genuine. Never send money to scammers!(Updated on January 21, 2022) When hosting giveaways, you’ll probably use multiple social media platforms. You may want to grow your Discord server faster. But if joining the Discord server is included in the giveaway requirements, some people hate it. I recommend holding giveaways for each platform. On Twitter and Reddit, you should just add the words “Discord members-only giveaway is being held now! Please join us if you like!”.In the raffle of your giveaways, if you want to manage the participants easily and choose the winner fairly, feel free to use the Raffle App I created.But it’s a prototype and can only be used in a local environment. If you want to easily pick a giveaway winner in your browser, I recommend Twitter Picker: If you want to increase your Twitter followers and Discord members, you can actually get a lot of people by holding events such as giveaways and invite contests. However, distributing many free NFTs at once can be dangerous. Some people who want free NFTs, as soon as they get a free one, sell it at a very low price on marketplaces such as OpenSea. They don’t care about your project and are only thinking about replacing their own “free” NFTs with Ethereum. The lower the floor price of your NFTs, the lower the value of your NFTs (project). Try to think of ways to get people to “buy” your NFTs as much as possible.See one of the blacklisted people in our project:  says “Just sell NFT never buy”. Never give your precious NFTs to someone like him who wants to make a profit without taking risks.(Added on January 13, 2022) Even though Ethereum has high gas fees, NFT projects on the Ethereum network are still mainstream and popular. On the other hand, Polygon has very low gas fees and fast transaction processing, but NFT projects on the Polygon network are not very popular.Why? There are several reasons, but the biggest one is that it’s a lot of work to get MATIC (on Polygon blockchain, use MATIC instead of ETH) ready to use. Simply put, you need to bridge your tokens to the Polygon chain. So people need to do this first before minting your NFTs on your website. It may not be a big deal for those who are familiar with crypto and blockchain, but it may be complicated for those who are not. I hope that the tedious work will be simplified in the near future.If you are confident that your NFTs will be purchased even if they are expensive, or if the total supply of your NFTs is low, you may choose Ethereum. If you just want to save money, you should choose Polygon. Keep in mind that gas fees are incurred not only when minting, but also when performing some of your smart contract functions and when transferring your NFTs.If I were to launch a new NFT project, I would probably choose Ethereum or Tezos.(Added on December 24, 2021) Some people may want to start an NFT project to make money, but don’t forget to enjoy your own project. Several months ago, I was playing with creating generative art by imitating the CryptoPunks. I found out that auto-generated artworks would be more interesting than I had imagined, and since then I’ve been completely absorbed in generative art.This is one of the Skulls In Love artworks: This character wears a cowboy hat, black slim sunglasses, and a kimono. If anyone looks like this, I can’t help laughing!The Skulls In Love NFTs can be minted for a small amount of MATIC on the official website. Please give it a try to see what kind of unique characters will appear 💀💖
Hello brewers,Our community has been eagerly waiting for new announcements regarding CafeSwap’s developments, so we would like to share some of our exciting news!All coffee enthusiasts know how delicious mocha lattes can be during the morning, but what does this mean for the future of CafeSwap? Drumroll, please….!!!Let’s welcome our new upcoming token to the family — $MOCHA $MOCHA is a new and upcoming deflationary token with multiple use cases in the CafeSwap ecosystem:There will be a 1% fee for every $MOCHA transfer, from which 0.9% is burned and the remaining 0.1% is reserved for NFT staking pool. The maximum supply of $MOCHA is still to be decided, but while our team is deciphering high-level mathematical equations to solve this, how about we look into some of the amazing use cases?As a proud owner of $MOCHA, you will have access to the following perks:◾ Participating in IFOs◾ Participating in Limited Staking Pools◾Farming $BREW◾Earning $MOCHA from CafeSwap Smart VaultsPretty neat huh? We think so too!But what are these so-called ‘CafeSwap Smart Vaults’ and why are they so smart? Our new smart vaults are very different from the usual vaults you see in the BSC DeFi ecosystem for a few reasons:◾They have the lowest fees in the market◾ No deposit fees◾You can earn $MOCHA rewards from our smart vaults Depositing in smart vaults provides you Vault Share tokens in addition to your regular farming rewards that you can use to farm more $MOCHA. This is the beauty of dual farming!All our upcoming Partner smart vaults will have an amazing buyback and burn feature, which will help in fueling our ecosystem. 2% of collected fees from users' profits will be used for BREW buyback and burn.In addition to that, collected fees on our own CafeSwap smart vaults will help burn more $BREW and hence sustain the total supply.Wow, we can already feel all minds being blown, but we’re not done quite yet! Final drumroll, please………! Yes, it is coming very soon. This was one of the most highly anticipated items on our roadmap and we are proud to have this available for our community soon.
TLDR: Starting today, you can join the waitlist for early access to Coinbase NFT.By Sanchan Saxena, VP of Product, Ecosystem Our mission at Coinbase is to increase economic freedom in the world. By enabling more people to join the creator economy and profit from their work, NFTs have an important role to play in this mission. Their impact is already being felt. NFT artists have shaken-up the traditional art world. Industries such as fashion, gaming, and music are recognizing the power of NFTs to unlock new forms of creativity and ownership. But if you’ve tried to create or purchase an NFT, you’ve probably found the user experience lacking. We can help.Today, we’re announcing Coinbase NFT, a peer-to-peer marketplace that will make minting, purchasing, showcasing, and discovering NFTs easier than ever. Just as Coinbase helped millions of people access Bitcoin for the first time in an easy and trusted way — we want to do the same for the NFTs. We’re making NFTs more accessible by building user-friendly interfaces that put the complexity behind the scenes. We’re adding social features that open new avenues for conversation and discovery. And we’re going to grow the creator community exponentially, a win for artists and for fans. Creating an NFT should be as simple as tapping a few buttons. Anything more complicated is a barrier to creativity. Coinbase NFT will be a peer-to-peer marketplace that empowers the imagination. With an intuitive design built on top of a decentralized marketplace, Coinbase NFT puts the art and artist’s experience at the forefront. A key part of that experience is control. We will make it effortless for artists to maintain creative control through decentralized contracts and metadata transparency. All NFTs are on-chain. The initial launch will support Ethereum based ERC-721 and ERC-1155 standards with multi-chain support planned soon after. We’ll provide the best user experience, but we’ll never lock creators in. Buying and selling will be core features of Coinbase NFT. We’ll have a vibrant, secure marketplace. But we believe we can do much more. We’re designing for social engagement. By fostering connections, Coinbase NFT will help creators, collectors, and fans build community. Based on your interests we’ll curate your personal feed. Your profile will showcase all your NFTs in one place, helping you connect with like-minded fans or artists. The social element shapes the future by sharing passions, birthing new collaborations, and firing up the imagination. People are inherently creative. We create art, express our individuality, build community, and seek meaning. But there’s never been a universal way for creators to own, control, and benefit from their creations, particularly in the digital world. Until now. Our ambition with Coinbase NFT is to allow everyone to benefit from their creative spark; to contribute to a future where the “creator economy” isn’t a small subset of the “real” economy, but a central driver.
We are excited to announce JuggerDRAW, our new NFT game, and our first unique NFT collection in the Binance Smart Chain (BSC).Participate in JuggerDRAW and get your share of the prize pool of $10,000 worth of JGN and jXP tokens. It has a first come first serve (FCFS) system, so the early birds will get all the worms 😉Mint random NFT letters, spell words, and get JGN rewards! With a lottery-like system, JuggerDRAW is a fun and quick mini-game, and also it’s a way for Juggernaut to experiment with new concepts & innovations in the NFT space. As it is based on the Binance Smart Chain, it is, as well, a way to check the possibilities of interoperability for NFT assets. To participate, you will need a wallet with BEP-20 jXP and BNB to cover gas fees (which are minimal, around 3 cents each).If you are unsure of how to create a BEP-20 wallet, please go to this link. 3. After you have connected your wallet, simply click on “Approve” and enjoy! (remember that you need to have BEP-20 jXP and BNB to cover gas fees). You will need 100 BEP-20 jxP to open the Treasure Chest to get a RANDOM NFT. It can be any of the different cards available. Each NFT is unique and can be sold or exchanged later on in marketplaces like JuggerSWAP NFT or Opensea.io. 2. There are 11 different kinds of NFTs, including 8 Letter Cards and 3 “instant win” cards.3. Spell different words with the NFT cards to get rewards.4. In our smart contract, the order of the NFTs is random. i.e., what you can get is designed by our smart contract and can NOT be manipulated/predicted by anyone.5. When you connect with your wallet and pay 100 jXP per DRAW, you will get one NFT card. You can DRAW multiple times. As this game is on BSC, the gas fee is significantly lower than the Ethereum network.6. There are 1 letter T, 12 letters N, 101 letter R, 1160 letters of each J/E/A, and 2320 letters of each U/G.7. There are 266 “instant win cards” for 100 JGN, 1000 for 500 jXP, and 500 for 1,000 jXP.The probabilities of getting each NFT cards are the following: There are FOUR types of rewards: JuggerDRAW is the first step in achieving the expansion of our NFT ecosystem, with the help of the Binance Smart Chain (BSC).It has been a blast designing the game and developing it. As we are treating this as any other type of game, if you participate and have any kind of feedback to improve, or you just want to let us know your experience, feel free to send us an email at contact@jgndefi.com
Unirealchain brings NFT digital assets to the real estate market with the desire to bring potential investment opportunities globally to real estate investors. Unirealchain is the leading online cross-border real estate trading platform that allows investors to access valuable, highly profitable real estate.Unirealchain’s goal is to remove all barriers and obstacles in real estate investment in the traditional way that it has been and is happening.With Unirealchain, real estate investment is not only for investors with strong financial potential but also for investors with a small amount of capital the opportunity to access valuable real estate and high profitability.Encrypting assets on the blockchain platform also make cross-border real estate transactions more accessible than ever. Legal and regulatory obstacles are almost wholly removed.Not only that, but Unirealchain also wants to provide a crowdfunding platform for project investors with fast funding time, low cost, eliminating a lot of cumbersome procedures, and ultimately focusing on project development. Unirealchain solutions address the challenges of the traditional real estate industry. NFT stands for Non-fungible token — which means a non-fungible token that is a unique representation of an asset class. For crypto investors, NFT must be no stranger when it is a hot trend storming the market.However, all current NFT items are only digitized and exchanged; there is no actual physical NFT marketplace.With the desire to bring a whole new experience to crypto investors, Unirealchain has developed the real estate NFT marketplace. It is not like any virtual real estate market of projects on the market in progress that in addition to owning digital assets, owners also own physical real estate. Real estate NFT transactions are all done through Smart Contract. The owner’s information, price, and purchase history will be published and available for consideration. Users can thoroughly research the owner’s legitimacy and the upside potential of that NFT asset.Unirealchain will ensure the legality and sovereignty of each NFT asset owner in the digital space and real life. All transactions are virtually instantaneous while ensuring the integrity of legal issues. These are innovations that Unirealchain offers to investors. UNR token is developed based on the BEP20 of Binance Smart Chain (BSC). Investors become shareholders by redeeming UNR tokens. The UNR token is one of the factors that help create the scale and value of the ecosystem and an effective investment vehicle for all customers with different financial resources.Benefits of UNR Token:Participating in investment projects with preferential pricesUNR token holders will get significant advantages such as: Right to Vote on Critical IssuesHolders of the UNR token will have the right to vote and decide how the system works and decide which projects are listed on UnirealEx through a community vote. The following examples will better illustrate this:
In the past three weeks, I’ve spent over $600,000 on NFTs (update: now over $1 million, since in the course of writing this I convinced myself to spend $400,000 on a CryptoPunk). I fully plan on spending much, much more, and my wife and I have both quit our jobs to fully devote ourselves to building tools and resources for the NFT ecosystem. Why? In the course of the past month and change, I’ve become progressively more and more convinced that NFTs are one of the foundational technological revolutions of our generation — and once I actually started buying NFTs myself, this abstract conviction became visceral certainty.I don’t hype things up or go all in on things like this too frequently. The last time I seriously wrote a post on Medium was in 2017, with a piece called Cryptocurrency 101 that explained in depth from the ground up what cryptocurrency was all about and why you should get in on it, and how I personally made $400,000 off $10,000 investing into Bitcoin and Ethereum. That article went surprisingly viral with a single Facebook post and became the most read piece of its length on Medium.My earnings from cryptocurrency investments are now north of $7 million, and I’m more certain now than ever that they will continue to rise even more — on the order of 10–20x at least, in the next 5–10 years (with about a million caveats on multi-year bear markets in the interim time and many other pitfalls, of course. Don’t uh, invest until you thoroughly read Crypto 101 and/or otherwise do your research and fully understand the beast you’re about to get into).I’m now convinced that the returns can be far greater in NFTs than even cryptocurrency at large, and that these returns are, far from being baseless and rooted in mere greater-fool-theory hype and bubbly fadness, in fact extraordinarily justified for a few select investments.I’ll explain my reasoning in long-form expository format below as I’ve found, as with Crypto 101, with a technology so new and paradigm shifting and prone to an immediate knee-jerk reaction of skepticism and scam tingly senses, just explaining the facts in a quick 5 minute summary is wholly insufficient to truly paint a perspective broadening picture of the landscape in its entirety to a not-yet-believer.That said, I know not everyone is an unemployed degenerate like me who has all the time in the world to devote to studying NFTs, so I’ve demarcated the major sections of this article so you can skip the parts that you’re not interested in, or stop reading any section and move ahead once you get the point and don’t want to hear my 7 more hours of emphatic beating of the already dead horse.Part 1 covers my own prior feelings on art and all other intangible goods to convince you I am truly the last person in the world who would become sold on NFTs.Part 2 covers the technical and conceptual fundamentals behind NFTs and why they have value and addresses the predominant criticisms people have against NFTs.Part 3 will discuss how NFTs make just about everything better, and align incentives for creators and collectors better than ever before.Part 4 is a practical tutorial on how to start interacting with NFTs, beginning from the ground up with buying cryptocurrencies, setting up a wallet, and not-financial-advice advice on which NFTs to consider buying and where and why. This section also covers the flip side of how to get started creating NFTs and selling them.Alright, let’s get started. This is a doozy. The NFT art market (profile picture projects excluded) is in a bit of a lull right now, so I’ve been snapping up pieces left and right by truly astounding artists at near-criminal prices, and I fully intend to do this until the world finally wakes up to NFT art and I get priced out of the market.If you’re at all a reasonable person who hasn’t been firmly entrenched in NFTs for the past year+, you probably think NFTs are at best a bubbly fad, and at worst a downright scam of truly monumental proportions. A few weeks ago, I would have agreed with you. In fact, I’m just about the last person who would possibly have ended up as an NFT art collector — up until a few weeks ago, I didn’t even understand the concept of art at large at all.For the entirety of my life, I’ve been a firm science, reason, technology and logic kind of guy — living my life entirely devoid of any appreciation whatsoever for the arts and humanities, all of which seemed like intrinsically useless endeavors that didn’t in the slightest propel human progress forward at all unlike tangibly manifest scientific discoveries and technological inventions that give us things like refrigerators to preserve our food and microwaves to heat it up and magic ethereal internet beams that shoot through the sky and transmit millions of bytes of data a second so that I can write this article and beam it up into the internet for infinite numbers of people around the world to access and read for free in milliseconds.That, I thought, was where true value was created, and the only bastion of real value. If something doesn’t improve our quality of life in some tangibly meaningful way, it’s just collective human hype, motivated by the dumbest things humans are motivated by — we value one piece of art for millions just because everyone else values it for millions, and another piece goes unnoticed for decades before being ‘discovered’ and lauded as the second coming of Jesus and suddenly an artist can transform seemingly overnight from being a nobody into being the greatest thing since sliced bread.The fact that Van Gogh could have gone only selling at most a few paintings in his lifetime and been denigrated as a madman and a failure while alive to posthumously become one of the most universally known and lauded and commercially successful painters of all time seemed insane to me, and clear proof that there was no true rhyme or reason to the subjective valuation of art, and it was all essentially just overhyped bullshit. Microwaves and refrigerators and integrated circuits and transistors — the value in those things are self evident and cannot be denied. Art, on the other hand, is entirely an exercise in arbitrary mercurial human subjectivity.And don’t even get me started on ‘modern’ and ‘abstract’ art — at least the old masters had to have demonstrable skill to make their intricately complex yet still intrinsically worthless masterpieces. Now, metal balloon dogs and giant polka-dotted pumpkins are where the real money is at. A saturation of technical capability and an inability for the art market to support every technically masterful artist clearly has caused the industry to implode with a schizophrenic break from reality and entirely divorce value from technical merit. Now, the market is driven purely by cultural speculation and mania with absolutely no grounding in intrinsic value. This, of course, all the more so applies to NFTs, or so I thought. Wow — now we’re paying digital artists who have been going decades making half assed daily art earning pennies all the while hundreds of millions? To see someone go from a rounding error of zero to centimillionaire in the course of a few months clearly is a symptom of some collective mania and cannot have reasonable grounding in fundamental merit.Consequently, with these dismissive thoughts in mind, I ignored the NFT art market out of hand when things started blowing up late last year and early this year. Thankfully, I wasn’t fully against NFTs at large, however, and had in fact been a collector since 2017, back when I was running a blockchain company working to better reward content creators. I grew up playing games of all kinds, digital and physical, like a proper degenerate, and here, at least, I could see real value in a digital analog to the physical world. Take Magic the Gathering or Pokemon trading cards versus Hearthstone, for instance.In the former, played with physical cards, cards had tangible value made manifest by their inherent scarcity. Certain cards were highly valuable for winning the game, and thus commanded premiums on secondary markets, and users could trade cards freely between one another and create an effective economy for cards. All of this made sense to me, because I had played these games and knew firsthand how desirable it was to own the best cards in the game and how rewarding it felt to crush your enemies and hear the lamentations of their weaker creatures as they were driven before you.And so I could understand how deeply unfair it was that in digital trading card games, such as Hearthstone, which is essentially Magic the Gathering but a video game, users would pay hundreds of millions of dollars for cards but get absolutely nothing of tangible value in return. As Hearthstone, the game, owns all assets in their proprietary and centralized database, they can strictly disallow any trading of anything any user has bought so that they can maximize profit for themselves and force everyone to buy through them.When you eventually inevitably get tired of the game and leave it, too — all that money you paid is essentially tossed down the drain. With a physical trading card game, you can at least sell all your cards once you leave your hobby behind and in a neutral case scenario break even, and in a best case scenario possibly even break a hefty profit if you were a savvy collector all along the way.So when Gods Unchained, a blockchain trading card game, came on the scene, I was sold immediately on the premise. For the first time ever, NFTs enabled provable digital scarcity that no one could violate (more on this later), and also inherently gave all ownership and transfership rights to the owners of the NFTs. No longer did the corporation behind the game have any right or any power at all to dictate what a user could or couldn’t do with their digital cards once they purchased them — providing a perfect digital analog to the reality that had already been playing out for hundreds of years with physical trading cards. This, to me, made NFTs for digital assets inside games, if nothing else, self-evidently a profound revolution and clearly objectively better in every which way than games without provably scarce trustless fully user-owned NFTs.But art? That was still a different story. Digital items in games, at least, have intrinsic value in the games themselves. Digital art, on the other hand, suffers from the perennial right-click argument. What value can something possibly command when anyone can just right click and save that thing and replicate it perfectly at no cost ad infinitum? Who cares how much blood, sweat and tears the artist might have poured into their work, and who cares how profound it might be, or how technically complex and groundbreaking — all digital art is inherently devoid of monetary value because there is no way to bottle it up and force it to be scarce by inherent nature of its infinitely replicable substrate of choice that stands in stark contrast with the natural scarcity of physical substrate.This may seem unfair, but it’s just a fact of life. Digital artists should have acknowledged this practical reality before they chose a profession destined by its inherent nature to lead to a life of starvation and physical want. For shame, ye fools.Perhaps we can acknowledge that at face value, there’s no reason a digital artist is any less an artist than a ‘physical’ artist, and digital artworks can take every bit the same degree of skill, if not more, than physical art. Digital art can also transcend the static possibilities afforded to physical art, and create and discover entirely new art forms, such as generative art, which is art made with the aid of computer algorithms or even AI neural networks and other technological innovations entirely impossible in the real world. Despite all these incredible new art forms made possible by digital technology and the intrinsic artistic skill digital artists may have and may imbue in their work that might rival that of physical artists, the market value for all of this work has been approximately ~$0 to date, due to the simple fact that each work can be infinitely and perfectly replicated for free by anyone with a simple right click and save.This pure dearth of funding has stifled innovation in digital art for decades, and yet some digital artists have still fully embraced consigning their physical selves to starvation and pushed forward this nascent frontier of artistic innovation, day in and day out for years, with absolutely no hope of recompense until…now, when they’re all getting butt rich left and right? Okay — maybe that’s a feel-good warm-your-heart ending to an underdog story, but it’s all still a scam, right? Even if that scam is breaking down the gatekeepers of the traditional art world dominated by Western society and allowing artists from all around the world — Africa, Asia, South America, and elsewhere — to finally at once have their art valued equally right alongside the art of their Western counterparts on pure merit alone, and even if that scam is finally distributing wealth to incredibly talented digital artists who have toiled away for decades for nothing more than the pure love and joy of creating in their chosen field of creation, it’s still a scam that’s just stealing money from chumps like me sucked into the hype and fad and bubble of it all, right?Ultimately, these artists might finally be able to pull themselves out of poverty and some of them might even end up categorically rich, but it’s the foolish overly inflated cryptorich and the ignorant retail masses that follow blindly into the bloodbath of the bubble that are going to end up paying the price when all of this inevitably falls to zero like Dutch tulips, no?Maybe. And maybe not. We most certainly are in a bubble, and I’ll be the first to tell you that. Plenty of NFTs will end up being overhyped and go to zero — probably the majority of them, in fact. But does that mean NFTs aren’t a once-in-a-generation transformative technological innovation, here to stay for the long run and fundamentally change every aspect of the digital economy in the future? Absolutely not.NFTs are the real deal, just like the internet was and is the real deal, despite the dot-com bubble being wildly overhyped and many people proclaiming the internet at the time just a complete fad that would fade away with time. Time has proven that anything but that has happened in the end, and ultimately today, far from the internet being a transitory trend, the internet permeates just about everything we do on a daily basis, and most of us couldn’t live without it. All nascent technologies are first met with extreme skepticism, regardless of how profoundly obviously revolutionary they seem to be to us now. There’s the famous article penned in 1995 that talks about how the internet won’t change the world and replace newspapers and bookstores and in person education and how ‘telecommuting’ is an absurd concept, and a million other things that literally all came true in the end but in 1995, with the internet just being a few years old (just as NFTs are now), seemed all but impossible and extraordinarily farfetched to any but the most delusional and/or prescient of addled pioneers on the frontier.That’s far from the only thing the world has been skeptical about, though. We were also extraordinarily skeptical about airplanes, cars, computers, calculators, bicycles, and pretty much everything else that’s ever been invented. One of my favorite newsletters is called the Pessimist’s Archive, which chronicles the spectacular skepticism just about every single major technological advance initially encountered.Here’s a fantastic article from 1987 about the fleeting computer ‘fad’ that faded, as students became disillusioned about the prospects of a future in computing. Crazy to think about now — Microsoft and Apple were both founded in the mid 70s, and are two of the largest companies in the world now. Hard to believe that even then people were still skeptical on computing’s future, but apparently they were.Here’s an even crazier article from 1984 denigrating calculators and claiming that slide rules were just as effective and quick, with the added undeniable advantage that your slide rule would never run out of battery power. Wish I could find the newspaper article decrying the slide rule back in the 1600s, where I’m sure mathematicians were shaking their heads and face palming about the hacks the young people were using to get out of truly learning the ‘right’ way to do mathematical calculations without shortcuts.Here’s another favorite compilation of lambastations on Apple from its early days. Apparently the advent of a GUI was lamented as much as the calculator — there was even a study that suggested students were dumber when they used GUIs over command lines. Really, I have to quote this, just bear with me: So — GUIs were apparently the 1980s equivalent of reality TV today. Back to the command line, everyone, lest you lose your capacity for creative thought. Probably already too late. Likely explains the whole crazed fad of NFTs, frankly — our capacity for critical thought has been so irrevocably damaged by the advent of GUIs that we can no longer resist the tempting lull of YOLOing hundreds of thousands of dollars in buying stupid cat memes.Two months before the Wright Brothers took flight, the New York Times ridiculed the attempt to achieve flight, estimating it would take between 1–10 million years for humans to actually succeed at the endeavor. The New York Times — 1 million years.When the automobile was invented, a ‘brain specialist’, whatever that means, predicted that drivers would soon go insane, and claimed that many indeed already had gone insane, because your brain would literally get squished by traveling so fast. (To be honest — I can actually see myself believing these things at that point in time. It obviously can’t be good for you for your brain to be subjected to never-before-possible speeds of 80 miles an hour, can it? Just as much as it obviously can’t be justifiable that a worthless heretofore entirely free cat meme is now suddenly worth $900,000, right?) Even bicycles were deemed evil upon invention, with claims that your spine would become permanently curved and your face would become squished and also that you would go insane, just for good measure. All this to say — when confronted with novel technological advances, both big and small, we should question any immediate visceral feelings of skepticism we might feel bubbling up. If there could have been so much skepticism and backlash against bicycles, automobiles, airplanes, calculators, computers, GUIs, and the internet when these things were first invented — things that now any five year old could tell you are obviously profound technological advances with untold economic and societal implications — frankly, it’s shocking there’s not more backlash against NFTs and cryptocurrency. We’re doing pretty damn well by historical standards.Take the skepticism of the present world towards these novel technological innovations with a grain of salt. Cryptocurrencies and NFTs are both rooted in incredible technical breakthroughs (there’s a reason these concepts have only taken root now, and NFTs are fundamentally impossible to create without the prior innovation of the blockchain, which itself took decades of academic research and prior work to ultimately create), but they’re far more abstract in conception than these prior tangibly manifest inventions such as cars and planes. We have two mountains to climb over here — the mountain that faces down all new inventions, and the mountain that faces down things that are abstract and not tangibly manifest.So we’ve got our fair share of work cut out for us to do here. Let’s get started. Alright, let’s get into why NFTs have value and are the future. First, let’s talk about just exactly what NFTs are and a tad bit about the technology that underpins them (much more on this in Part 3).NFT is an acronym for non-fungible token, which essentially means an asset that’s unique, rather than an asset that’s identical to many other assets.An example of a fungible token, for instance, is like a US dollar or bitcoin — every US dollar is meant to be identical to every other US dollar, and can be used interchangeably and all of them represent the same amount of value. Same thing with bitcoin — there are 21 million bitcoin that will ever be created, and every single one of them is worth the exact same amount and is totally interchangeable with any other.An example of something that’s non-fungible, on the other hand, is say, a piece of artwork, like the Mona Lisa, or your dog. There are many paintings in the world, but there is only one Mona Lisa, and you can’t just replace the Mona Lisa with some other random painting and call it the same thing. Same with your dog — plenty of dogs out there, but you’d probably be pretty upset if someone just decided to swap your dog with a random other dog one day.In essence, an NFT is just a digital representation of this intrinsic concept of non-fungibility, or uniqueness, that we’re already intimately familiar with in the physical world. Houses are non-fungible, people are non-fungible, your mother’s cooking is non-fungible, for better or for worse, and so on. Digitally, to date, non-fungibility has been a bit difficult to come by, because any digital asset just consists of bits, strings of 0s and 1s all amalgamated together in a specific way, that are trivially easy to replicate perfectly a trillion times over by anyone in the world. How can you possibly create immutable uniqueness in a digital world?Enter the blockchain. A blockchain, which is the technology that underpins cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, can be thought of as essentially a global public ledger that can permanently record any kind of data for anyone else to see and verify forever.At first, the blockchain was envisioned for just recording financial transactions between two parties, e.g. me sending 10 bitcoin to my friend Alice. Fairly quickly along the way, however, people realized that you could essentially record any kind of arbitrary data in the blockchain as well, and this could serve as essentially irrevocable proof of anything — say, a binding contract between two parties.If someone wanted to record, for all time immemorial, that they got married to some random person they met in Vegas a few hours ago, the best way for them to do that would be to both sign a transaction on the blockchain with their private keys attesting to that fact — that attestation would stay around for as long as any nodes (computers) in the world continued to maintain a copy of the blockchain, and would indisputably prove that they had, indeed, genuinely both certified this attestation.This is a lot easier to both do in the first place and to verify later by literally anyone in the world than via a paper marriage certificate or going to the local county office or whatever. This is, incidentally, why public legal documents will almost certainly one day be filed away on blockchains and not on paper or in arbitrary siloed and fragmented government databases.But back to NFTs. Okay, so we know now that we can store any sort of attestation on the blockchain as well as record simple financial transactions. What does that give us? In short, the ability to store, in a globally public, permanent, and trivially-verifiable-by-anyone manner, certifications that a given digital asset is the genuine article — the original true copy of something, and the only true copy of something, signed by the private key of the original creator of that asset.Thus, no matter how many identical replicas of the genuine article are created, only the single asset, or NFT, certified by a digital signature from the original creator, can be appropriately designated as the true ‘original’ copy of the asset, so to speak.Fully explaining and selling someone on the technological revolution that is the blockchain that underpins everything about NFTs and explains why NFTs weren’t possible until just right now is outside the scope of this article and requires another 75 minutes or so to explain, so if you’re interested in hearing more about that, please go see Cryptocurrency 101. Or just take my word for it if you have better things to do with your time, unlike me (the real reason most people aren’t into NFTs, imo, is because most people are respectable hard working individuals with real jobs who don’t have enough time on their hands to spend hours of it exploring stupid new extremely convoluted fads). Alright — at this point you might be protesting that this is all bullshit, and just because an artist of some digital artwork might say that one specific NFT is the original artwork and nothing else is, that’s pointless, because all the copies are literally identical and thus can be equally enjoyed/utilized in whatever way the original can.Okay, sure — that may all be true, but if we’re being honest with ourselves, that’s not really why any piece of artwork or anything else in the physical world truly has the value it does.At the most analogous level, plenty of artists today — let’s take photography as the easiest medium of comparison — already often release arbitrarily limited edition prints of their work, so as to induce artificial scarcity and thereby drive up the value of their work even if there are no technical limitations that make this a necessity.Clearly, this technique works, as plenty of photographs that could easily have been reproduced ad infinitum have instead sold as limited edition prints for millions of dollars.Okay, some of you might not even consider photography real artwork and are purists for hand painted art. I’ve often heard the argument that a real physical painting takes real skill to create, and cannot ever be recreated quite precisely identically to the original, and thus the original always preserves its value in never being fully imitable.The fact that famous auction houses often sell and museums often buy entirely fake works, and that possibly up to 20% of all paintings owned by museums may not be authentic, puts a little dent in this argument. These auction houses and museums go to extreme lengths to verify the authenticity of a work, and employ extremely specialized professionals utilizing extraordinarily fine equipment to attempt to distinguish between the genuine article and a replica — and they often fail at this task and replicas frequently go entirely unnoticed for decades or even lifetimes. If a replica is so identical to the real thing that even experts can’t tell it apart after extremely close examination, why exactly is the replica worth less than the original, if the value of the art comes from its intrinsic physical properties and not something a little more abstract? Why, indeed, do museums even bother at all to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to acquire the original versions of priceless paintings instead of just simply commissioning indistinguishable replicas of all the pieces at a fraction of the price? Even the experts can’t tell them apart — definitely no chance a casual museum visitor would ever be able to.Would you feel excited to go to a museum filled entirely with known replicas of famous artworks, which to you would seem entirely identical to the original genuine thing? My guess is that probably isn’t quite as appealing to you for some reason, and that’s probably why there are no famous museums filled entirely with publicly known replica art. Yet chances are in a ‘real’ museum filled with ‘real’ art, you’ve actually spent time staring at a replica that you thought was the real thing and that the museum and everyone else thought was the real thing, and up until the moment everyone realizes it is in fact fake, everyone appears to appreciate it just as much as they would the original.So what is the reason we appreciate genuine originals over replicas? Ultimately, what we’ve grown up intrinsically knowing and understanding about physical objects is that the original of a rare, highly-prized-by-society object, has some inimitable value that transcends that of any replicas, by sheer dint of being the original genuine artifact.Humans love the concept of genuine authenticity and scarcity, and knowing that the Mona Lisa that you own was truly personally created and signed by da Vinci (okay, da Vinci never actually signed the Mona Lisa because it was never actually completed because he was ADHD and barely ever completed anything in his entire life, but that’s beside the point) is the difference between it being worth $850 million and a replica being worth just tens of thousands, if that.We inherently understand this at an emotional level because that’s the way the world has always worked as long as we’ve lived and we’ve grown up with this understanding of the world, but NFTs are an entirely different story. Not only is the idea of an NFT having value an idea so novel just a few years ago the term didn’t even exist, but the entire concept of the digital world is still a nascent notion.Hopefully we can keep that fact in mind and remember that humans are literally skeptical about every new thing at first, and wait to judge NFTs for just a few more decades longer until some generations have grown up natively with NFTs their entire life — and then see how those generations feel about the intrinsic value of NFTs :). Okay — at this point in time, hopefully we’re somewhat on the same page in acknowledging that a technology that allows for trusted and permanent certification of the authenticity and originality and uniqueness of digital assets such as digital art allows for digital assets to at least retain value along the same premises as physical assets of a like kind.That is to say, hopefully we both somewhat agree that the original Mona Lisa has more value than an almost indistinguishable replica simply by dint of the fact that the former is certified by some trusted certifying body, such as a professional art appraiser or auction house or museum, to be the original, and that fact alone is what gives the Mona Lisa the bulk of its value.That doesn’t, however, answer the question of why precisely the original Mona Lisa is worth ~$850 million and a work by a contemporary artist of the same degree of technical skill or philosophical merit or whatnot is almost certainly worth infinitely less.Perhaps some of you reading this already understand why the Mona Lisa is worth $850 million and agree that it should be worth something in that approximate ball park, but I certainly wasn’t in that camp up until just a few weeks ago, and so I’d like to take some time to speak to my former self here. Spoiler alert — this ends in me attempting to justify why several pixelated images of sickly-colored barely identifiable punks are worth multiple millions of dollars, at least. Okay — so one reason people may give for why the Mona Lisa is so expensive is because it’s arguably the finest painting made by the finest painter ever to live. Seems not unreasonable that the literal greatest painting ever should be worth a lot of money. That’s something I could buy.There’s just a slight catch here — what exactly makes the Mona Lisa the best painting ever made? There’s no question that Leonardo da Vinci was an incredible artist, and that the Mona Lisa was executed with masterful skill, but there are countless works of similar quality, including many by Leonardo himself, that don’t fetch nearly as high a premium.Here’s another reason people may give, that at face value might seem like the same argument, but is in fact slightly different in its nuance — the Mona Lisa is the most expensive painting in the world because it is the most famous painting in the world.Why exactly is it the most famous painting? One could argue that it’s the most famous painting because it’s the objectively best painting, which would be the same argument as prior posited, but there’s a slight catch here too — the painting was almost entirely unknown by anyone outside the art world for literally four hundred years, from the early 1500s to 1911. Weird for the objectively best painting in the world to only be recognized as such after 400 years.What exactly happened in 1911 to begin a chain of events that today makes just about everyone in the world aware of the Mona Lisa? Well — the Mona Lisa was stolen from the Louvre, and overnight the scandal became a global sensation and thrust the Mona Lisa into the spotlight forevermore. From Wikipedia: Today, this is the kind of attention the Mona Lisa can pull: It wasn’t the heist alone, however, that caused the Mona Lisa to be thrust into permanent prominence as the most famous painting of all time. The heist was just the catalyst — an event that initially cast the Mona Lisa into the global spotlight. From there, the Mona Lisa was able to essentially enter a self-perpetuating chain reaction of fame, where the initial fame lent to the piece by the heist inspired the Mona Lisa to essentially become a 20th century meme, with endless parodies and reproductions, each of which made it yet more famous, and yet more parodied, and so on, and so forth.From Britannica, if Wikipedia isn’t your jam: At some point, people begin parodying the Mona Lisa simply because it’s famous, and every parody makes the Mona Lisa more famous, and this becomes a self-perpetuating cycle forever, until the Mona Lisa becomes firmly entrenched as the most famous painting of all time. Hell, we’re still memeing the Mona Lisa today. So now that we know that the Mona Lisa isn’t the most famous painting in the world solely on the basis of its obvious artistic merit, but rather due to a lot of arbitrary happenstance and memeing, do we appreciate it a little bit less? I know I would have — this is precisely why all art is bullshit and it’s all predicated on hype and has little to do with objective tangible value.Now, I think quite differently. The fact that it is so famous, regardless of why it is so famous, has extraordinary actually justified value in of itself. You can even quantify some of this value in monetary terms — if a company were to produce an ad parodying the Mona Lisa to sell its products versus an ad parodying an equally well drawn yet wholly unknown to the public art piece, the former would obviously perform far better and earn the company far more in revenue.Ultimately, the strength of the brand of the meme, or shared mythology, in a sense, behind the Mona Lisa is what lends it its value, and justifiably so. How powerful is it to have a singular art piece that occupies rarefied air in the mindspace of just about everyone in the world, for whatever reason that it does?This brand value of the Mona Lisa, so to speak, imparts priceless value to the original Mona Lisa as the ultimate status symbol — if you were to say you were the owner of the Mona Lisa, everyone in the world would understand how monumental a statement that is, versus if you were to say you were the owner of the Lady with an Ermine (which also has value, but principally in the fact that it is also painted by Leonardo da Vinci, and the Leonardo da Vinci brand altogether has immense value now as everyone knows Leonardo da Vinci because of the Mona Lisa). Heck, if you were to deign so low as to prostitute priceless fine art for money, you could honestly probably even turn the Mona Lisa into a direct cash flow asset — if we take the former director of the Louvre’s word at face value that “80 percent of the people [at the Louvre] only want to see the Mona Lisa” and combine that with the fact that ~10 million people visit the Louvre every year and admission to the Louvre costs ~$20, you could cash in on ~$160 million a year by owning the Mona Lisa.As any real estate investor would tell you, a cap rate of ~15% (let’s say it generously costs ~$30 million in operating expenses to run your Mona Lisa prostitution enterprise, and thus $130 million revenue / $850 million asset purchase price == 15% cap rate) is pretty damn good, and you’d be crazy not to put your money in a dumb obvious can’t-lose investment like this. Crazy at face value that someone would pay $850 million for essentially something that just got famous because of a meme that doesn’t even impart you with any rights like copyright or licensing or royalty fees or anything, but when we dig into it a little bit more, it seems to make a lot more sense, no?Keep in mind the Mona Lisa is a brand that’s developed its value over literally more than a century of free perpetuation in the public mindspace as a news sensation and a parodied meme. It wasn’t always viewed as the foregone conclusion is it now as “the best known, the most visited, the most written about, the most sung about, the most parodied work of art in the world”.Back in the early days, perhaps four years after it first blew up, in 1915 or so, even professional accomplished art critics might have (read: definitely would have) scoffed at someone who boldly proclaimed that the Mona Lisa would one day be worth close to a billion dollars (inflation adjusted, of course, so actually more like $30 back then). Maybe that’s how we feel about the nascent internet memes fetching five and six figures today. Just a few decades ago, people weren’t even sold on the internet — how could we possibly expect people to see the value in owning internet memes yet? The mere word meme itself is still viewed as a neologism not yet fully appropriate to use in polite company, despite actually having been coined in fairly academic settings in Richard Dawkins’ landmark 1976 book The Selfish Gene.Ironically or perhaps extremely fittingly, Dawkins’ academic definition of a meme was literally memefied itself and ‘evolved’ into the commonly known internet meme phenomenon, where instead of concepts and content attempting to replicate themselves accurately and naturally evolving and altering in the course of doing so just like actual genes might, internet memes deliberately alter themselves in transmission — yet at the same time, thanks to the perfect replication power of digital assets, the original form of the meme is always preserved with complete fidelity, unlike pre-digital cultural memes where maybe what Jesus really wanted to teach his followers isn’t at all what his followers now believe he wanted to teach them. Funny aside.Regardless, the core concept and power remains the same across all memes — memes are a self-replicating unit of cultural transmission, analogous to the self replicating unit of biological transmission, the gene. This is an incredibly powerful concept when fully grasped at its core — the power of a meme derives directly from its degree of transmission and saturation and permeation in the cultural mindspace of the world.Memes are profound, and not a new concept at all. In The Selfish Gene, Dawkins argues that language itself is a meme (how are new words invented and transmitted? Someone comes up with a word, others catch on, and soon everyone uses it and it becomes canon, like…the word meme). Religion is a meme, fashion is a meme, customs, traditions, and rituals are memes, philosophies are memes, political affiliations are memes, diets and ethnic food preferences are memes, fine art is a meme, and so on, and so forth. Yeah —just about literally everything that collectively constructs the fabric of human society as we know it came about through transmission as a meme, for one arbitrary or not so arbitrary reason or another. Hell, your name was probably transmitted as a meme. Memes are, like it or not, accept it or not, just about the most powerful things in the world.A meme, just like a gene, can perpetuate itself to the point of cultural mindspace saturation on the basis of multiple merits and on pure happenstance alone — a more clever or useful concept may find itself more easily transmitted, for instance, just as a more ‘fit’ gene might find itself more likely to survive through generations, but just as well a meme might just catch a lucky break and be at the right place at the right time, or have to wait 400 years for a catalyst like being stolen from the Louvre to awake from dormancy and start spreading — but whatever the reason it spreads, when it does, its value is justified in that spread alone.A virus, frankly, might be a reasonable analogy fitting in its present day visceral significance. There’s almost certainly a parallel universe in which COVID-19 never made the leap to humans (or never made it out of a lab or what have you), and in that world, it would have literally had zero significance and meaning in the world, despite existing all the same in exactly the same form, lying dormant in a bat or in a lab or whatever the prevailing conspiracy theory is these days, having all the same merits as the COVID-19 that did become a worldwide phenomenon — kind of not unlike an incredibly talented starving artist who never has the opportunity to have their work see the light of day, though in different circumstances and in a different universe, they could have become just as famous as Leonardo da Vinci (please excuse the uncouth comparison between an undiscovered incredibly talented artist and a latently virulent virus).And yet, for whatever reason and whatever unfortunate chain of arbitrary circumstances, COVID-19 did become a worldwide phenomenon, and the selfish genes of COVID-19 have self-replicated themselves to a profound extent with undeniable worldwide consequences, both economic and otherwise.Memes are just about the same thing, and for whatever reason, some memes self-replicate themselves to become cultural cornerstones of the world that anyone of a specific demographic can understand and utilize to effectively communicate, identify, or signal status or value with one another, and when that happens, those memes have real value. Thanks to the internet, memes can now spread at speeds never before fathomable — just like thanks to air travel, COVID-19 can now spread at speeds never before fathomable for a virus. The world is more interconnected than ever before, both physically and digitally, and thus, internet memes can rise to global worldwide prominence and saturation in what feels like (or literally is) a matter of days, and not months, years, and decades, like it once used to take. This makes it feel almost unfathomable to us that an internet meme just a mere few years old could possibly become worth six or even seven figures — and yet no one questions that the damage wrought by COVID-19, despite its equally wildfire never-before-seen spread in just a few months, is very real indeed (unless you don’t believe in COVID-19, in which case I’d say you already viscerally understand the true power of internet memes in the cultural transmission of any form of information and the real power that has, for better or for worse). Okay — I recognize that for some, memes as a term is just definitionally too much of an intrinsic turn off for any amount of nagging coaxing to overcome. In that case, let’s just consider these things a brand — the Mona Lisa is a brand, and Leonardo da Vinci is a brand, and the Louvre is a brand, and all these brands play into and support each other, and they all have real value from doing so.Louis Vuitton is a brand, and Nike is a brand, and Air Jordans are a brand. I never understood this until getting into NFTs either, frankly, and always thought it was a hilarious rip off (and still do, because these brands don’t cater to the Silicon Valley culture I’m a part of — our brands are Teslas and MIT diplomas and tickets to space — and, more so with every passing day, CryptoPunks) that anyone would buy a Coach or Louis Vuitton bag that could be made for like 1% of the selling price and be indistinguishable in quality and merit from an identical generic bag without the brand tag. Now I get it — the brand has real value in that it occupies real mindspace in billions of people around the world and owning a Louis Vuitton item, in the right circles, instantly communicates in a provable way that cannot be faked (spoiler alert: this is actually an advertisement for NFTs, because Louis Vuitton bags can be and are in fact trivially faked, but NFTs are much less easily faked as sources of incontrovertible truth that can be trivially verified by anyone in the world instantly on demand, unlike with physical goods) status that can in very tangibly manifest ways open doors for you and create connections and generally beneficially modify the way you are able to move through life in a way that can more than justify the price of membership in that brand. All subcultures have brands, and these brands open doors of membership when you possess them. These brands have incredible value and often have near unassailable moats protecting that value in that they are incredibly difficult to replicate, and often impossible to do so intentionally. Most of the most famous memes on the internet were all entirely accidental, like side-eyeing unimpressed Chloe being actually just a sidekick in a video that was supposed to showcase her sister’s excitement on being gifted a surprise trip to Disneyland. Many subcultures value authenticity above all, and are like sharks drawn to blood when they sense any whiff of a scent of intentional brand formation.Fair or not, these brands are often also winner-take-most markets, such as in the art world, where only 0.2% of artists ever sell work for more than $10 million, and yet 32% of the entire $63 billion in annual art market sales a year derive from those $10 million+ works by those 0.2% of artists.As status symbols, the best brands in a subculture become Veblen goods and positional goods (if, at least, money isn’t firmly antithetical to the values of that subculture — and it most certainly is not for the subculture of crypto, incidentally, hint hint), where the price of the good becomes an inherent motivation in of itself to acquire the good as a mark of status in being able to afford that good, and this becomes a self-perpetuating up-cycle in propelling the price of the good ever yet further up, until it reaches an equilibrium only dictated by the scarcity of the good and the amount of buyers willing and able to afford the given price.That, in of itself, is one reason why the price of the highest priced works of art every year continue to grow and break records — because the wealthiest people in the world continue to grow wealthier as both the overall economy of the world continues to expand as a non-zero pie and also as inequality rises due to a myriad of factors, and thus, the price of admission to the most elite circles of status in the art world continues to rise to keep pace and retain an equilibrium in its quota of members, so as to not dilute that status. And finally, we arrive at our justification for why CryptoPunk NFTs can be worth millions of dollars, and some day, may be worth yet still many multiples more.Just to remind you what these things look like: For a little history, there are precisely 10,000 CryptoPunks in existence, and their total combined market cap value exceeds $4 billion at present day.So, in short — 10,000 of these little questionably cute most certainly pixelated punks are worth about five Mona Lisas — the most valuable and famous and memed painting ever to exist in the world. How is that possibly justifiable?Well, for a little history — CryptoPunks are broadly known as the first NFTs to ever be created on the Ethereum blockchain (disclaimer — this is not technically true, and several projects arguably predate CryptoPunks on Ethereum, such as Etheria, PixelMaps, and Curio Cards), all the way back in June 2017, which may as well be prehistoric in Ethereum time (I’m not even really kidding — the ‘second’ NFT project on Ethereum, MoonCats, was literally rediscovered recently in the digital analog of an ‘archeological’ dig).They’re also the first ever PFP (profile picture) NFT art project, which refers to an NFT collection that can be used as profile pictures on social media. These two facts (among many other factors, of course) created the perfect storm for CryptoPunks to take off in classic meme replication, Veblen and positional good fashion. But let’s rewind a bit and start at the beginning, and maybe we’ll see the CryptoPunk story isn’t so unlike the story of the Mona Lisa, though as with all things internet and crypto, the timescale has been compressed from ~400 years to approximately 4. No big deal.When CryptoPunks were first launched to the public on June 23rd, 2017, just about no one paid it any attention whatsoever, despite the fact that punks were literally offered for free (plus shipping and handling, er, Ethereum gas transaction fees). Only 20–30 punks were claimed in the first week post launch. It was only when Mashable covered the project with an incredibly prescient and open minded article titled, no longer at all hyperbolically, “This ethereum-based project could change how we think about digital art”, that things started to take off, and within hours, every single last punk out of the 10,000 offered had been claimed.Sales then stagnated, to put it mildly (though there remained a resilient, active though small community of enthusiasts all the while very passionate about CryptoPunks — perhaps consider these rare folks akin to the art intelligentsia who were the only ones to see value in the Mona Lisa before it blew up for arbitrary reasons, 400 years after inception, though I’m sure you still find that a bit of a stretch right now — more on this later), for about the next four years, before things started taking off in real force in early 2021. Why did things take off? In part because the entire market for NFTs began taking off this year and last (as collectibles all around the world surged in price, quite possibly thanks to the pandemic forcing people into more eclectic homebound hobbies), with projects such as NBA Top Shots (created by Dapper Labs, which was also behind CryptoKitties, the most successful and widely known NFT project of 2017) which launched October 2020 doing over $700 million in revenue by the end of May and digital artists such as Beeple selling NFTs of his artwork for millions, culminating in a gargantuan $69 million sale at Christie’s in March.As interest in the NFT space at large grew, the projects and artists with the most compelling narratives (along with a healthy dose of randomness and luck, as is true with all things that succeed, even the Mona Lisa) quickly found their way to the top, such as NBA Top Shots building off the colossal brand and fan base of the NBA, or Beeple building off his reputation as a pioneering digital artist for decades, or CryptoPunks building off its reputation as the OG NFT project on Ethereum.As each of these projects began to take off, most certainly a bubble did form, as news of every record breaking sale fueled the rise of the next record breaking sale, and the promise of overnight untold riches lured ever more speculators to the front lines. NFT projects proliferated, and just about every single one seemed like it was guaranteed success, with or without any fundamentals whatsoever. Things, not unexpectedly, faded as quickly as they came. The NFT market peaked at $102 million in sales volume on May 3rd, but dropped to just a few million in sales volume just a few weeks later.Notably, however, CryptoPunks was not remotely as affected by this drop in volume as other projects in the space, and while average sale prices did fall from their spring highs for a brief blip in the summer, prices have charted a remarkably steady and remarkably strong rise up and to the right ever since. The average sale price of a punk in early July was ~$40,000, and today, just three months later at the start of October, the average sale price is more than 10 times greater, at ~$450,000. Why have CryptoPunks remained so resilient even in the so called popping of the first NFT bubble in spring 2021, and why are they steadily gaining value so quickly as time continues? To answer that, we might want to turn to some insight from some of the earliest true believers in CryptoPunks. Dylan Field, the co-founder and CEO of the multi-billion dollar collaborative design tool Figma, made headlines for selling a very rare CryptoPunk (all CryptoPunks are unique, and some have traits that are much rarer than others, and thus command higher prices) for $7.5 million on March 11th, 2021.This guy, to put it mildly as the understatement of the century, is not what you might conceive of as your average uninformed retail YOLO investor in NFTs, as most publicly evidenced by the fact that he’s been on a one-way ticket to stratospheric success for just about the entirety of his life. I’ve had the tremendous privilege of actually knowing him personally for just about a decade now as a fellow Thiel Fellow, and as such I vividly remember just how much potential everyone saw in Dylan from the very beginning. Some quick excerpts, from when he was literally a 19 year old intern at Flipboard: So yeah — this was a guy who at age 19 had the billionaire lead investor of one of the biggest VC firms in Silicon Valley and the former CTO of Pixar interested in and personally helping him, and who at age 29 now helms a startup worth literally $10 billion. He’s also possibly the world’s best Werewolf/Mafia/Settlers of Catan player, to the point that all the Thiel Fellows eventually just decided the correct strategy was to always kill Dylan first no matter what in every game as the objectively game theoretically optimal move in categorically all situations. In short, this guy is prescient genius incarnate (he’s also just about the most down to earth, humble, kind, thoughtful and giving person ever, which is another reason why everyone loves/admires/respects him so much).And what’s this guy doing in his spare time, when he’s not busy becoming the most successful person on planet earth in record time? Buying CryptoPunks before literally everyone else. Here’s his story about how he got into CryptoPunks and why he’s still unbelievably excited about CryptoPunks, and — get this — why he thinks some CryptoPunks are literally the closest thing to a digital Mona Lisa (emphasis mine): Okay, yeah, I basically copied that entire interview, because just about all of it is a gold mine of insights. You probably notice the theme of community and some sort of mythology (meme?) forming around these CryptoPunks now — there were people who were incredibly invested in CryptoPunks and believed in them even when there was no sales action, and when no one outside their tiny CryptoPunk subculture ever cared about these pixelated art pieces.There’s also the profound emotional attachment, which is fundamentally what I think distinguishes art from non-art assets — if you’re emotionally attached to an art piece, which typically people aren’t with non-art assets like fungible money, it becomes more sticky than just the strict asset value the art piece can command, and that’s an incredibly powerful thing for value retention and growth — more on that later.It might seem insane that people are becoming this emotionally attached to a pixelated JPEG, but 1. that’s why I wanted to take the time to really impress on you all that Dylan is not some crazy half-addled crackpot, but really someone you never, ever want to bet against, and 2. that’s why it’s so hard to really understand, on an emotional level, why any art piece, or really any asset you can personally own, including an NFT, can be so compelling or profound to its owner until you yourself have a similar experience — and why I personally have also fallen so deep down the NFT rabbit hole precisely after becoming a collector myself.It’s hard to truly understand the appeal until you walk the journey yourself — but once you walk that journey and you do understand, you’ll never go back. It’s a one-way street, and the entire point of this article, really, is just to try to convince you to dip your toe into getting into your first NFT. Once you do that, you really don’t need all of this logic left brain hour and a half long convincing bullshit — you’ll understand the value proposition of NFTs on a visceral, emotional level, and that’s more powerful than anything an article could ever impress on you.The forming of an emotional attachment to anything doesn’t have to be predicated on visual fidelity or anything else tangible — I know I’ve become incredibly emotionally attached to purely non-existent imagined characters in a book, for example, that theoretically exist only as abstract concepts. A child (and, uh, my wife, still in the present day, with a $13 stuffed frog from TJ Maxx, and now me too, with a stuffed version of the Don Quixote Japanese supermarket mascot — don’t ask too many questions, it won’t be good for you) can form a profound emotional attachment with a simple stuffed animal that would be incomprehensible to an external observer, but would be as real and as valuable as anything else to the child at hand — formed through inimitable and non-fungible unique experiences and moments of attachment with the stuffed animal. A CryptoPunk, and many other NFTs, become so much more than they might seem at face value to someone not steeped in the community who doesn’t have a personal connection to the art piece at hand. But this isn’t the only argument that provides CryptoPunks with value, and isn’t even the biggest reason — after all, stuffed animals don’t sell for millions of dollars, because as much as you love something dearly and will only sell it for a dear price, there needs to be a buyer on the other side willing to pay that price —and so for more insight, let’s hear from the other side of the story: the person who bought the CryptoPunk for $7.5 million from Dylan.The buyer is pseudonymous, and goes by Peruggia (named after the thief who stole the Mona Lisa and made it famous, incredibly fittingly — this event the pseudonymous Peruggia precipitated of buying this CryptoPunk for such a stupendous sum of money is what made CryptoPunks really hit the radar, in a way). After he bought CryptoPunk 7804, he wrote this on Twitter, the great transmitter of memes: And so this is the other piece of the puzzle, to complete our tale of why CryptoPunks, regardless of whatever local timescale bubble we may or may not be in now, will likely continue to retain value surprisingly well and quite possibly skyrocket ever further up over a sufficiently long enough time horizon as a paradigmatic example of an ideal Veblen good — something perfectly limited and scarce in supply that will only continue to rise in value as more people join the subculture as it becomes mainstream culture, and the number of ultra rich people who decide they would like membership to this most original and elite of NFT and cryptocurrency clubs grows, and as the mythology and memes surrounding CryptoPunks continue to grow in tandem with every new notable member who joins its ranks at an ever new scandalously high record breaking price point, and CryptoPunks become ubiquitously memed and parodied around the world, as the Mona Lisa has been. Already, we see this happening, and another huge uptick in the value of CryptoPunks occurred as Visa — yes, the literal staid multinational credit card processing company — purchased CryptoPunk 7610 for $150,000 on August 18th, 2021, sparking another wave of renewed interest in CryptoPunks. Christie’s even conducted a sale of 9 CryptoPunks on May 11th, 2017, bringing in $17 million. A veritable slew of celebrities and other brand name individuals are also already members of the CryptoPunk elite, from Jay-Z to Snoop Dogg to Serena Williams to Jason Derulo to Steve Aoki to Gary Vaynerchuk to Logan Paul to Dylan Field (who still owns many cryptopunks even after selling 7804) to so many more — each and every record sale of a CryptoPunk to another brand name celebrity further increases the clout of the CryptoPunk meme and brand, and further cements its status as a positional good that can demand Veblen pricing.Every collector who buys a CryptoPunk also becomes heavily invested in perpetuating its continued success, and what happens when thousands of the richest and most influential people on the face of the planet are all collectively working together to signal value and status in their shared investment and community? I don’t know, but I know I wouldn’t want to bet against it. Hell, Jay-Z’s profile picture on Twitter is literally his CryptoPunk, and so is Serena Williams’ (slightly modified), and so is Snoop Dogg’s (fun fact — I just learned Snoop Dogg has more Twitter followers than Serena Williams and Jay-Z combined. Who knew?).What brand can you think of has so many of the most famous and influential people in the world all working behind it to promote it so outrageously front and center publicly as to literally replace their profile pictures with it? What brand can you think of didn’t have to pay these outrageously successful and famous influencers untold sums of money to do this, but instead was paid by the influencers for the privilege and honor of advertising it? Do you really want to bet against that brand, or would you like to join it before you get priced out of membership?In short, buying a CryptoPunk certainly is a speculative bet right now, but it’s far from being a totally baseless, foundationally empty speculative bet.Far from it, it’s a bet on quite a few things that have extremely strong signals going in their favor —It’s a bet that Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies will continue to grow and capture market and mindshare and someday possibly dominate and permeate the world just as the internet and computers have today, and —It’s a bet that when that happens, the first cultural artifacts on Ethereum (i.e., the first NFTs) will have untold demand as both incredibly scarce collectible values of historical interest as well as commensurately powerful status symbols, and —It’s a bet that the community behind CryptoPunks, which began with a stalwart subculture of true, steadfast believers willing to stay invested and build out their art piece (the community itself and the history behind it, which is always inextricably part of the value of any art piece, is arguably the art piece, as Dylan suggested), and has now expanded to include already some of the most influential individuals and even corporations in the world even at this most nascent of stages in the ongoing NFT revolution, will continue to grow and blossom and agitate for CryptoPunks to penetrate the global mindspace ever further, and —It’s a bet that the meme power of CryptoPunks will continue to self-perpetuate and also help this saturation of mindshare and consequent influence, and —It’s a bet that NFTs and digital assets at large will come to one day eclipse physical assets as we come to the realization that the metaverse is far less bounded and offers far more opportunities for exploration, communication, discovery, and so much more than the physical universe, and —It’s a bet that similarly when that happens, the original NFTs will have the most profound value associated with them, and —It’s a bet that when all the rich people in the world are into crypto and CryptoPunks are firmly established as contemporary fine art and displayed in museums, the fact that there are already almost 3000 billionaires in the world and over 50,000 centimillionaires and over 200,000 ultra high net worth individuals with over $30 million in assets already in the world (and that these numbers will only continue to grow as the overall wealth of the world at large continues to grow each year as science and technology continue to expand the productivity and resource and value production of the human race) will probably mean that there will be quite a few people with quite a bit of money quite willing to pay quite a fair price for quite a few of the very, very limited 10,000 original CryptoPunk NFTs. Yeah, it’s a bet. But it’s a pretty damn fucking good bet, as far as I can tell, and I’ve personally convinced myself in the course of writing this to sell a shitton of the bitcoins I’ve carefully accumulated over 8 years, never having once ever sold or used a single one prior to this moment, to buy into as many CryptoPunks as I can.I will then probably continue to become emotionally attached to my CryptoPunks and never sell them and unintentionally end up following Warren Buffett’s advice to have a holding period of forever and hopefully join a wonderful community of some of the most prescient individuals on the face of this planet (not all of whom were merely able to join this community because they were rich, mind you — the biggest holders of CryptoPunks today continue to be those who got in early for literally free or a present day rounding error of zero before everyone else was turned on to the phenomenon, and who have continued to hold through years of hell and high water out of pure passion, love, and conviction) who will hopefully serendipitously help guide me to The Next Big Thing just as they found their way to This Big Thing — the value in these kinds of subculture membership tokens are profound in that they truly transcend the mere asset value — which of course we believe will continue to rise in the long run — and arguably the greatest value is found in the intangible community afforded to those who belong to a subculture that perennially finds itself exploring the frontiers of boundless opportunity before all else.As Dylan mentioned, he was able to find his way to CryptoPunks because he was surrounded by Ethereum true believers long before others were ever remotely convinced on Ethereum — and I believe the CryptoPunks true believers are in the same way the right people you’d want to surround yourself with if you want to find your way to the next big thing in the world before everyone else. That, in my estimation, is priceless, which is why Mastercard missed a true golden meme opportunity in allowing Visa to snap up the first credit card processing CryptoPunk. Brand or meme? Meme that adds value to the brand? Either way, priceless.Are you convinced on CryptoPunks yet? If not, I’m afraid I’ve already exceeded the five thousand word quota allotted to me by my obviously non existent editors for the purpose of attempting to sell you on CryptoPunks, and I must now move on to actually expounding on the myriad technically revolutionary benefits NFTs introduce into the world of assets at large, for the sake of both my sanity and yours. (I just remembered why I only write one of these articles every 4 years or so — it takes approximately that long for me to get over the trauma of spending several days doing literally nothing but ranting on a subject ad infinitum until all I can see are CryptoPunks, permeating every pixel of my reality) Remind me to sell you on NFTs at large and not just CryptoPunks shortly. Buying into CryptoPunks is just the very beginning. We should discover soon enough that many of the same core value propositions that underpin the bull case argument for CryptoPunks can be extended to many other NFTs, as well, both present and future. Alright — hopefully if you’ve come this far, you’re at least modestly open to the possibility that some NFTs have value and that the fundamental value proposition and premise of an NFT at large is not merely a baseless collective transitory delusion of human society, or at least that if it is, few things are as valuable as collective societal delusions (such as the very concept of money, or religion [if not your own, at least you can acknowledge that all the other religions are collective societal delusions that yet still seem to have real profound impact in the world], or politics, to name a few).Now, at long last, we can get down into the technical meat of what makes NFTs a profoundly revolutionary technological innovation. Up until now, we’ve glossed over many of the technical benefits of NFTs in favor of just trying to approximately present NFTs as digital analogs to physically scarce assets with value. Ultimately, that’s the hardest and most important conceptual hurdle to get over, but also just the tiniest edge of the true ocean of new possibilities and advantages afforded by NFTs over previous mechanisms for assigning ownership and value, designating scarcity and property rights and royalties, recording perfect and permanent provenance, enabling frictionless distribution, and so much more.So let’s get back to basics, and dive a little deeper into just how precisely an NFT is made today. As mentioned at the very beginning of Part 2 of this article, which by now has probably already faded away into the deepest recesses of your mind, an NFT is, in the most broad sense, a bunch of data stored somewhere on a global decentralized ledger called the blockchain, which records some basic information about who owns a specific digital asset, and possibly a number of details about that specific digital asset in question.Becoming much more specific, there are a number of different competing blockchains all working to support NFTs, but by far and away the most prominent, earliest (not counting some early starts on the Bitcoin blockchain which never really took off), and well established NFT ecosystem exists on the Ethereum blockchain, and uses what’s known as the ERC-721 standard for defining NFTs in a way that makes them easily all interoperable on the same platforms and marketplaces in the NFT ecosystem. First, let’s explain a little bit about why exactly NFTs predominantly exist on Ethereum, and not say, Bitcoin, and how exactly NFTs are made.Ethereum, presently the second largest cryptocurrency by market cap second only to Bitcoin, is a monumental evolution on Bitcoin in many ways. Bitcoin, as you likely know, was the very first blockchain based cryptocurrency to come into existence. It pioneered the revolution of utilizing a global decentralized ledger (the blockchain) for the purpose of irrevocably recording financial transactions between infinitely many pseudonymous parties in a fully transparent manner. This makes it so anyone can trustlessly transact with anyone else in the world without having to rely on trusting a third party intermediary such as a bank to do so.Ethereum, however, was the first major blockchain to realize you could do so much more with the power and potential of the blockchain. Far from just being utilized to store financial transactions, you can store any kind of arbitrary data on a blockchain — including computer code, known as smart contracts. The blockchain, then, in a sense, can be turned into a sort of global decentralized computer open for use by literally anyone in the world in a sort of global timesharing sense (spoiler alert: this is why gas fees are so high on Ethereum right now, because there are too many people trying to use the same poor globally decentralized computer — but this is soon to be a solved problem with Ethereum 2.0 and Layer 2 solutions).Why exactly would everyone in the world want to timeshare using the same computer? Sounds like a hearkening back to the old, much darker days of computing where everyone would just have a terminal that plugged into a mainframe and paid stupendous amounts of money for this questionable privilege at first, no? The key insight is sharing the same computer allows that computer to act as a sort of global state machine, where the state of the computer (aka the Ethereum blockchain) can act as a global source of truth regarding all the computations and transactions done on that computer and all the data as it presently stands on that computer.In the simplest sense, with the Bitcoin blockchain and financial transactions, the Bitcoin blockchain ‘state machine’ records the current state of all the bitcoin everyone in the world owns. When Alice decides to send 1 bitcoin to Bob, the state machine changes, or transitions, from its previous state where Alice had say, 10 bitcoins and Bob had 5 bitcoins, based on the input transaction received from Alice, to its new state where Alice now has 9 bitcoins and Bob has 6 bitcoins. The fact that everyone in the world can thus financially transact with this one global state machine that acts as an incontrovertible and permanent source of truth regarding everyone’s current financial balances and all the transactions ever transacted in the past by anyone to anyone else is tremendously advantageous, and underpins just about everything behind the current blockchain revolution undertaking the world.Ethereum, however, really takes this to a whole new level. When you store code, or smart contracts, on the blockchain and allow anyone to interact with it at will to modify the state, you can literally provide a global state machine for any kind of state. For instance, you can now record the state of all the NFTs in the world, or all the transactions in escrow, or all the legal documents in various states of execution, or absolutely anything else. This is, in short, why if you’re not going to put all your money into NFTs, you should, at least, be putting all of it into Ethereum. Smart contracts will change everything, to put it mildly just so I don’t lose all my credibility with you (stay tuned for DeFi 101, and DAOs 101, just kidding I’m never writing again).So how exactly does this work for NFTs? In short, NFTs are defined and created (‘minted’ in NFT parlance) by a smart contract, which is just a piece of code that resides on the Ethereum blockchain, and specifies a number of functions that can be used to create and interact with ‘tokens’ that represent some non-fungible asset — hence, a non-fungible token, or NFT.This is where the state machine magic bit of Ethereum comes into play. Imagine you write up a piece of code that allows someone to mint one of 1,000 different NFTs that represent unique images of cats on the blockchain (people love cats on the blockchain, as people love cats on the internet, and in real life, and basically everywhere. Cats are the ultimate meme, and self-replicate prolifically both biologically and digitally).How this code might work is it might have a function called ‘mint’ that anyone in the world can call. When invoked, this mint function will check some global counter variable to make sure first that fewer than 1,000 cats have ever been minted on the blockchain already.In the case that there have already been 1,000 cats minted, the mint function would then return an error to the user who invoked it saying as much, thereby preventing anyone from ever minting more than 1,000 cats — part of how the blockchain enables NFTs to have provable and permanent scarcity that can never be circumvented. Then, the mint function will go ahead and create a new NFT representing a new unique cat and transfer this new NFT token to the address of the Ethereum user who invoked the mint function.The Ethereum blockchain, then, acts as a state machine that keeps permanent track of all these changes and activities over time. Say Alice has 888 ETH in the present state of affairs, and invokes the mint function of the RandomCat NFT smart contract, and passes it 69 ETH as payment for creating RandomCat #420.The Ethereum blockchain state machine will then record the new state after this transaction, wherein Alice will now have only 819 ETH, but will own an NFT token in her wallet address that represents RandomCat #420, and the RandomCat NFT smart contract address will now be 69 ETH richer (smart contracts are just wallet addresses like anything else and can hold money too!).Now say Alice decides to sell her RandomCat NFT to Bob for 100 ETH. The Ethereum blockchain state machine now transitions again to a new state as a result of this transaction, and now records the fact that Alice has 919 ETH and no RandomCat NFTs, and also that Bob now has 100 less ETH but one additional RandomCat #420 NFT.That’s the power of having a global shared state — now, everyone in the world can transact with anyone else to do literally anything, including creating and selling and transferring NFTs, and the state of the world and everyone’s Ethereum balances as well as the balances of all the NFTs they own, and well as the provenance and history of all the NFTs ever created and sold and transferred all the way back to the very beginning of all time, will be publicly recorded and trivially available for absolutely anyone in the world to see at any time. A huge benefit of this, thus, is that verification of the genuine provenance and present ownership of a given NFT is entirely trivial for absolutely anyone to conduct. Hell, Twitter is literally implementing NFT verification as we speak, which will enable Twitter users to trivially prove that they truly own any NFTs they set as their profile pictures (say, CryptoPunks), by simply connecting their Ethereum wallet addresses so that Twitter can quickly check the balance of all NFTs in a given Ethereum wallet address.Remember the whole luxury brands have value in the brand itself thing from the last section, where we talked about why a Louis Vuitton bag is worth infinitely more than an altogether identical bag without the Louis Vuitton logo?This, of course, introduces a huge economic incentive for forgeries in the real world for luxury goods — and forgeries are so good that unless you’re an expert, it’s next to impossible to tell apart a good forgery from the genuine article. Well, with NFTs, that’s a trivially solved problem. As long as you have a reliable source of truth pointing you to the original smart contract that created an NFT (typically an official website for a project or a verified Opensea collection with a blue checkmark, etc), you can easily verify if a given user has a genuine NFT (or any NFT at all, versus just a right click saved JPEG) or not. Even better, realistically, platforms like Twitter will handle all this legwork for you in the future such that you don’t even have to do any checking yourself — you’ll just know. That’s pretty damn powerful, no?*Caveat emptor, the NFT world right now is still a wild west and scams and fakes abound utilizing various means to prey on users who aren’t well versed enough in how the blockchain works so as to use it appropriately to verify authenticity— this will be unquestionably solved as the space matures, but as of now, users must be sophisticated and truly understand how NFTs work and how the blockchain works in order to both not buy fake NFTs and also not be hacked and lose all the real NFTs they have. My wife and I are currently in the process of putting together a scam/fraud/phishing avoidance tutorial/certification for newcomers to the space, but if you choose to tread forward boldly on your own before we have time to put all these resources in place…tread very carefully, and never trust anything anyone tells you in the space, except meUpdate: My wife has written the best article ever on how to avoid getting scammed in the NFT space and everyone 100% must read it because otherwise we will all lose all our rainbow squiggles and be very sad Alright, now that we hopefully have at least some semblance of an idea on how NFTs are actually made and how awesome NFTs on a blockchain are for record keeping and authenticity verification, let’s go back to that ERC-721 standard for making NFTs on the Ethereum blockchain we were talking about.The ERC-721 standard specifies a base set of functions that every NFT compliant with the standard is required to have, and guarantees that all these functions function in precisely the same way.Sharing a standard definition of how NFTs should be defined is groundbreaking in the same way that sharing the same standard for things like charging cables or lightbulb sizes is groundbreaking. Isn’t the world so much nicer now that most things use USB-C charging ports and you only need one charger to charge all your devices?Because just about all NFTs on the Ethereum blockchain are defined in the same way to be compliant with the ERC-721 standard these days, it means that anyone can make, say, a marketplace for Ethereum NFTs, and then be able to connect to an Ethereum user’s wallet and automatically scan the wallet for all the NFTs the user owns and allow them to be displayed for sale or transfer, without having to manually code up a custom implementation to allow for the sale and transfer of each individual unique NFT. In some ways, you could think of this as if there existed a universal global art vending machine, instantly accessible by anyone from the comfort of their own homes. With this machine, every piece of art can be identically purchased with the same series of button clicks, and every new piece of art can be seamlessly added to be interchangeably transferable alongside every other piece of art with absolutely no manual labor on the part of anyone. That’d be pretty convenient, right?Might that not be a slight improvement upon the inefficiencies latent in the present physical art markets? There exists no one universal repository and marketplace for all art pieces in the world today, and even if there were, that would present some serious monopolistic concerns (which are not present with the decentralized blockchain alternatives in the NFT world — web3 precisely breaks the platform lock in effect that allows web2 internet companies to monopolize industries) with proprietary siloed data in corporate owned databases.Instead, the physical art market is hopelessly fragmented today, which dramatically limits equitable and democratic access between artists and collectors, locking wealthy collectors into a very limited set of carefully curated art pieces that have been curated less through the democratic power of online meme transmission and more through a very finely tuned network of dealers, agents, galleries, auction houses, and salespeople.The art that becomes fine art in today’s world and fetches mind boggling prices often passes through the hands of just a few choice kingmakers clustered in the Western world.This makes it almost impossible for the vast majority of global artists from all around the world to ever have a real shot at breaking into the high end contemporary art market.Conversely, with even the most rudimentary NFT platforms burgeoning today, access has become infinitely more accessible to everyone, allowing all talent from anywhere to have a fair shot at hitting the cultural zeitgeist on its head and making it big. Case in point — most of the 1/1 limited edition NFT art I’ve purchased has been from artists all around the world who have been to date entirely shut out of traditional art markets. These are artists I never would have ever had the privilege to come across had it not been for NFTs and the internet. Often, the traditional art market is somewhat exploitative of artists as well, taking the lion’s share of the profits while leaving little for the artists themselves. Esteemed collectors will regularly snap up work from artists with little direct leverage and no ability to sell straight to the public at bargain prices, only to turn around a few years later and sell the works for 100x or more: When a collector sells a work by an artist in a secondary sale in the traditional art market, the artist (at least in America, the home of the greatest art sales, and in many other places in the world) sees zero percent of that sale. If they sell a piece for $900, and then it later sells for $85,000, and then again for millions down the line, the artist sees absolutely nothing but that first $900. With NFTs, the story is different. The community has already coalesced around a norm where artists are paid a royalty every time their art sells in a secondary sale after the initial sale — typically in the range of 5–15% — and this royalty can be programmed directly into an NFT’s smart contract.Presently, most marketplaces for NFT art have already implemented their own royalty code in their smart contracts that mint NFTs for creators, and there’s an Ethereum Improvement Proposal outstanding to create a universal standard for how royalties should be specified in the smart contracts that create NFTs.It’s all but certain that without any legal regulation whatsoever, the NFT ecosystem will almost universally enforce and honor the royalties programmed into NFTs by their creators going forward, as they already almost all universally have. As such, artists now have, unlike ever before, an unprecedented ability to profit off their future success as they continue to grow in fame and command higher prices — even if this happens after their death, as often is the case for many of the most famous artists known to history, such as Van Gogh.These royalties will exist in perpetuity, designated in the code that spawned the NFT that represents the artwork itself. An artist can leave all these royalties to their estate, and even if they only ever made a few thousand dollars in life, if one day their art blows up and the world starts paying hundreds of millions for it, the descendants of the artist will not be penniless, but will in fact be raking in millions from a say, 10% perpetual royalty from every secondary sale.Valuations for art, more than almost anything else, can be mercurial and inordinate in their magnitudes of change over time scales that can eclipse the mere transient life of an artist — and for the first time ever, artists can rest assured that their work will continue to reward them forever in an immutable way guaranteed by code that will last forever on the blockchain. Arthur Hayes penned a wonderful summary of why traditional art markets are incredibly inefficient and cumbersome rent-seekers: The last sentence there is critical — these inordinate fees charged by the middlemen in traditional art markets produce profound deadweight loss, which substantially dampens the overall size of the art market today, particularly in volume. When every time an art piece changes hands you can end up losing 20% or more of the sale price, art is going to change hands a lot less often, and a lot less art is going to even be purchased in the first place with such premiums threatening the possibility that a buyer can ever recover their investment price.NFT markets get away with all of this, in no small part because all the art is completely digital and can be easily displayed in infinitely scalable virtual galleries for millions of people to see from all around the world (for instance, you can see my gallery here, though the galleries of people much richer than me are much cooler). As this is all part of the culture in which the new cryptorich are very comfortable parting with their many, many crypto millions, there’s no overhead necessary to pay for extremely expensive physical galleries situated all around the world in the richest cities with the most costly real estate. No hors d’oeuvres, no attendants, no auctioneers, no salespeople, no tremendous middleman cut.Artists can also now sell directly to collectors on digital platforms like Opensea, Foundation, Rarible, MakersPlace, and more. No more needing to have an agent represent you or wait for a gallery to choose to show your work, or not be able to set your own prices and conditions, or anything else. The control and leverage is firmly shifting into the creator’s hands, and not the hands of the intermediaries, when it comes to NFTs. A huge part of the anticipated appeal of NFTs and digital art in the future predicates itself on the whole concept of the metaverse, which is another one of those things that I’ll need to write a Metaverse 101 article on to properly convince a skeptic about.Suffice it to say that if you do believe in things like virtual reality and do believe that the fidelity and coherence of our future virtual worlds will continue to improve over time, it stands to not unreasonable reason that we will be spending ever more time in virtual reality in the future, to the point where, just as some of us already spend most of our day transfixed to a mere rectangular screen, oft of proportions smaller than our hand, many of us will predominantly reside in a virtual reality and not a physical one.When that day comes, with the infinitely greater possibilities afforded in a virtual space entirely unbound by physical constraints, how much value might be ascribed to digital NFTs versus physical tangible goods? Are digital assets not in many ways superior to their physical counterparts? They can be scaled infinitely, seen by millions with no geographic limitations, and be constructed in ways that are literally impossible to replicate or express in real life, and can in fact even be fully dynamic interactive immersive experiences that utilize code to change in a way no physical object can.Here are some choice quotes from Mark Zuckerberg on why he’s betting the future of Facebook on the metaverse: In any case, speaking of infinite scale and replication… As with the right-click save argument we touched on in Part 2, the fact that digital assets can be infinitely replicated by anyone in the world trivially for free is most often viewed as a huge disadvantage of digital assets over physical assets. But now that we’ve hopefully addressed that superficial concern, the reality becomes clear: infinite redundancy in perfect duplication of a digital asset, coupled with the immutable concept of singular ownership, is a gargantuan improvement over the current state of physical affairs.Some of the most expensive works of art in the world have either been destroyed in things such as accidental fires or wars, or have been stolen or even simply lost. Even things that aren’t lost, destroyed, or stolen oftentimes just literally degrade over time, like the $12 million shark Damien Hirst made, and then literally had to replace because the first one had deteriorated to the point that the shark had to be skinned and only the skin could be displayed (which, incidentally, Hirst acknowledged invited a fascinating philosophical question on the concept of the physically manifest nature of art in the first place — quote, “It’s a big dilemma. Artists and conservators have different opinions about what’s important: the original artwork or the original intention. I come from a conceptual art background, so I think it should be the intention.” [in short, if you subscribe to the conceptual art movement whatsoever, you should really be into NFTs and CryptoPunks — the physical art is just a symbol for the idea, history, context, and everything else, which is the true art piece]). With some caveats*, that’s next to impossible for NFTs. NFTs can never degrade, and when artworks are stored directly on blockchains, they will never cease to exist so long as the blockchain never ceases to exist, which may be never (more on that in the next section). The fact that these digital assets can be replicated with perfect fidelity a trillion times over precisely aids this fact, compared to a physical reality where if you accidentally screw up once in the many hundreds to thousands of years an art piece must be preserved for, it’s game over for all eternity.*Okay, caveat time. So it’s important to make sure the art your NFT represents is actually stored on the blockchain for the greatest amount of security, but oftentimes that isn’t quite feasible because it’s extremely costly to store things directly on the blockchain. The next best thing to do is to ensure that it’s stored on a decentralized peer to peer filesharing network like IPFS, which utilizes widely distributed decentralized redundancy to ensure your files don’t disappear just when a centralized service like AWS might go out of business or have a server meltdown. This is in fact what the vast majority of NFTs utilize, but even then if you don’t pin your data in IPFS, it can be garbage collected and disappear. There are other decentralized blockchain based solutions like Arweave that aim to store all data permanently for all of eternity, so things are getting better, but as of the present day there are still some caveats to be aware of when it comes to longevity.The other part of this equation is you also, as the owner of an NFT, need to make sure you don’t lose your private key to your Ethereum wallet. If you lose your private key, the NFT will still exist for all of eternity, but you just…won’t exactly be able to access it. Kind of like if you had a truly impermeable vault secured by an invincible lock in which you stored all your artwork, and you just whoops! lost the key, so yeah, don’t do that. And also don’t give anyone else your private key either, because then they will actually probably steal your art.Anyway, moving on: It’s a common refrain that the internet is forever, but that’s not quite as true as might commonly be conceived. The long tail of the internet has quite often been forgotten and lost to the sands of time, and moreso, as web pages and content dynamically change and evolve day in and day out, older iterations of content are often lost forever even if some newer version still exists in some form or another. This has necessitated the formation of explicit projects and foundations dedicated to the direct preservation of content on the Internet, such as the Internet Archive, without which infinitely more content would already have been lost, and with which much content is still being lost every day.The blockchain, however, truly may be forever, and even all past state changes on the blockchain, as a necessary condition of the blockchain being forever, are also here to stay forever.This is an extreme statement — one that even I’m a little startled by, frankly, which is why I’m greatly relieved not to be the one making it. Rather, all the blame in boldness can be directly attributed to a scholar infinitely more esteemed, brilliant, and prophetic than myself, who can incidentally also withstand the reputational damage of being outlandish far better than myself.Meet Dan Boneh, one of the most respected academics in the field of blockchain, who heads the Center for Blockchain Research at Stanford and has been a professor of cryptography and computer science there since literally before the dot com bubble. And here’s him saying literally on record in a conversation with a16z General Partners Chris Dixon and Arianna Simpson that Frankly, I’ll be astounded if most of the physical art from today is still around in the year 3000, just as I’m pretty sure the vast majority of art from the year 1000 has already been lost forever. But literally everything on the blockchain might still be there, so if you really care about your great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great grandchildren being definitely the coolest and richest kids in their Matrix tower with the most OG art pieces, you probably want to pass down NFTs in your will and not physical art pieces. I mentioned this briefly in passing when speaking about CryptoPunks in Part 2, where I noted that all these insanely influential celebrities and other brand and taste makers had not merely not been paid to promote CryptoPunks like rabid dogs, plastering these pixelated punks all over their profile pictures in lieu of their actual faces, but rather had literally paid tens to hundreds to millions of dollars for the privilege of being uh, reverse-paid promoters?Let’s pause for a moment and let that concept truly sink in. Up until the present day, digital content creators/artists typically earn a living through either prostituting their skills out to mega corporations with a regular day job or to their fans with commissions, or through selling cheap prints and merchandise of their work, or through advertising and brand promotion income streams, or through essentially begging for patronage on sites like Patreon, hoping for fans to give them money out of predominantly the sheer goodness of their hearts, or some combination of all of the above.This works…okay for some, and not at all for others, but isn’t ideal for anyone. At heart, what creators want to do is be creators, and create what they want to create, and ideally get rich off the basis of doing that alone, without having to beg for patronage or sell their work in large print sets for fractions of what they could command if their work were physical in nature and not digital, or have to ‘sell out’ with advertising and so on, and so forth.Now, with NFTs, that’s actually possible for the first time ever. Creators can sell their digital content/artwork directly to fans and collectors for the same amount it might command if it were a physically limited and scarce piece of content, and earn far more from the process than they ever did through any convoluted means of making a barely sufficient living in the past.What’s more — fans are actually buying these digital works for record breaking sums of money not out of the pure goodness of their hearts, but because they actually expect that the work will either retain its present value or indeed increase in value in the future. In short, fans have all become investors in the common enterprise of the creator, and now, with very vested and aligned financial interests, are more motivated and incentivized than ever before to proselytize their chosen favored creators and ensure the continued rapid growth and success of those creators. How incredible is that? Content creators no longer have to be sole marketers working a double shift as creator and promoter — every single fan that purchases one of their NFTs de facto volunteers to sign on as a promoter as well, and soon enough, hopefully this little army of literally invested fans will self-replicate themselves into a very large army of fans, and the creator can rest content to make butt loads of money just doing what they love, and nothing else: creating. If I succeeded in persuading you that CryptoPunks are actually justifiably worth their present valuation, you may have gone and looked up the present going price of the cheapest CryptoPunk, and then cried tears of anger, frustration, despair, and existential nihilistic crisis like I did after realizing the cheapest CryptoPunk now goes for more than $400,000.But fear not, for NFTs have already solved this problem, and for the low price of ~3.5 cents today, you too can buy your fair share of a CryptoPunk, without having to buy all of one. Granted, for 1 FLOOR token purchased for ~3.5 cents, you’ll own all of 1/9,615,385 of a single CryptoPunk, so you’ve got a ways to go before getting yourself all the way up to a whole CryptoPunk, but hey — always good to start somewhere and work your way up. It’s not even that bad — FLOOR actually trades at a discount, proportionally, to the actual floor price of a whole CryptoPunk out there in the wild today.There are 1,000,000,000 FLOOR tokens representing ownership stake in 104 CryptoPunks, and at present prices, the implied valuation of all these 104 CryptoPunks is ~$36,500,000, which comes out to approximately ~$350,000 per CryptoPunk — more than $50,000 cheaper than the actual cheapest single CryptoPunk you can buy! Not bad at all.In short, plenty of people have realized that the average consumer is quickly getting priced out of some of the most desirable NFT collections on the market today. These people have then gone and solved this problem by creating liquid markets wherein individual NFT pieces, or baskets of NFTs, can be fractionalized, and buyers can buy just fractions of a given NFT and gain exposure to the potential growth of that NFT over time without having to shell out the big bucks for an entire NFT all at once.Fractional and Niftex are just two of the projects enabling users to buy fractions of NFTs, and already the experience is far more seamless, accessible, and devoid of massive middleman fees than the experience of attempting to buy fractionalized physical art. On another side of things, maybe you already YOLO’d all your life savings into NFTs like I did, and am now struggling to pay rent, like I am. If this is you, fear not. You can now use platforms like NFTfi to put your NFT assets up as collateral for a loan, and continue not being homeless while also continuing to not have to sell your NFTs to pay for that privilege.Same as above, the entire process for doing this is already far more seamless and accessible than with physical art, and will only continue to become even more seamless over time as the space matures. The possibilities afforded by having such liquid and composable markets for digital assets truly are endless. Let’s move back to games for a quick hot second, so we can better illustrate another massive advantage of NFTs. This advantage plays firmly into the whole theme of Web3 versus Web2, where data/digital assets are owned by individuals themselves, and not by massive corporations such as Facebook, Youtube, Twitter, Instagram, and so forth in the case of social media, and Valve, Epic, Sony, Nintendo, Microsoft, Activision Blizzard, Riot, EA, and so forth, in the case of games.What does this shift in the ownership of assets enable? Just about a million things, but let’s just focus on one thing for now — the portability of your assets across different applications. Right now, if you own a digital avatar in a game created by say, Epic Games, that digital avatar is stored on Epic Games’ centralized and siloed personal corporate databases, and can’t be accessed and referenced freely by various other games or other applications made by other developers.This may seem like a bit of a strange concept, because that’s the way things have always been, and it may not have seemed like there was a problem with that, but the reality is it’s been inhibiting a massive amount of possible applications whereby a user’s assets can be seamlessly transferred and utilized between multiple games, or even more broadly in the metaverse at large.Indeed, this is a core problem inhibiting the overall growth of the metaverse today — without NFTs on a globally accessible and decentralized blockchain, chances are all the digital assets you’ll have in the metaverse will be siloed and centrally owned by various companies competing with misaligned incentives to silo your data and your assets in a bid to retain platform lock in effect, so you can’t just take your data and slip away to a less monopolistic and domineering competing interface for using your data in whatever way you’d like.With NFTs, you truly own all your data, and the flip side of that is you are free to allow any application you’d like use that data — such that you could, in the future, truly live in a Ready Player One or Daemon esque metaverse where your avatar and its items can travel freely between games and worlds and other virtual experiences, and everything seamlessly connects together. Kind of insane and far fetched for now, so don’t get too caught up with this stuff if it doesn’t resonate with you — I’m just throwing stuff out there for the true believers among you all now. The future is coming, and it’s fucking awesome. Finally, a common criticism of NFTs earlier this year was that they consume massive amounts of energy and are thus ethically indefensible as giant environmental drains on the earth.One thing to keep in mind is that NFTs in of themselves don’t precisely really cause any blockchain to consume more resources than they would otherwise, and the amount of hash power used to secure a given blockchain at the present moment predominantly only correlates to the price of the cryptocurrency that blockchain powers. Even if no NFTs were being bought and sold on Ethereum, if the price of Ethereum rose, there would be increased power consumption right now, and even if all that’s happening on Ethereum is NFT minting and selling, if the price of Ethereum dropped, there would be decreased power consumption.Another thing to note is that energy ‘wasted’ is a fairly interesting and subjective word. By 2025, the internet is projected to consume literally 20% of all the world’s electricity. Is that a ‘waste’? Now that we understand the utility behind NFTs (and, if you read Cryptocurrency 101, hopefully you’ll be convinced on all the utility inherent in blockchain powered cryptocurrencies), perhaps it seems less like a subjective ‘waste’ and more of a justifiable cost for the utility received?Arguably, email is far less environmentally costly than mailing a letter, and in the same way, buying and selling NFT art is far less environmentally costly than transporting physical art all around the world and flying out artists and collectors in the same fashion to partake in physical gallery showings and auctions.But that’s all beside the point, really, because Ethereum actually isn’t going to be environmentally harmful going forward, and will use “at least ~99.95% less energy” after Ethereum Proof of Stake goes live, on the order of ~2.5 megawatts or so, which is less energy than ~2500 American households, apparently. So yeah, you should probably feel better about engaging in NFT art versus physical art, and feel like you’re partaking in the less ecologically damaging form of art, because you uh, are. No more having every art piece shipped to Switzerland to be stored in a giant soulless Geneva Freeport warehouse that has to be maintained constantly at great expense just so you can save on taxes or something. Okay — I’ve realized at this point I could go on literally forever, and indeed many others have, but I have to stop somewhere, and I feel like I’ve sufficiently covered at least some of the myriad novel possibilities and advantages NFTs provide over the status quo to hopefully adequately whet your appetite and encourage you to dig deeper into this space on your own.In case you are interested in learning much, much more about all the things I’ve covered here at a surface level, an excellent starting point is a16z (one of the top VC investment firms in Silicon Valley, founded by brilliant pioneers of both the internet and now crypto)’s NFT Canon, which is a truly excellent compilation of thought pieces on NFTs that covers everything from the core concepts and benefits of NFTs to their technical underpinnings to the history of NFTs to how to get started with the space, and much more.For now, let’s move on to the final Part 4, and teach you how to actually get started either buying or creating NFTs, or both. Hopefully you’re not literally dead yet. That would make one of us making it through this thing alive. If you’ve made it this far, you deserve a free NFT to commemorate the trauma you’ve experienced, and I’m going to make sure you get one. But I’m too tired to set this up right now, so fill out this form if you’re interested and I’ll make sure you get one when I get around to setting it up. These will likely be worthless — just a fun way to get you started with NFTs. But! They will be numbered, so you can brag about how early you were to read this awesome article one day when it becomes part of NFT history and is shown in museums alongside CryptoPunks. I may or may not also like you much more forever if you get one, as proof of passion and fandom, and give you early access to anything else I do. Again, probably not, but who knows? :) (I’m testing out NFT fomo-yolo theory here)Alright, let’s dive into what you’ve really been waiting for — how to actually get started buying NFTs. First, let’s start with where exactly you should be getting your NFTs. As mentioned prior, there are many different blockchains on which NFTs presently proliferate, from Ethereum to Solana to Tezos and Algorand and more, with the vast majority of the NFT activity happening on Ethereum. That said, a growing number of NFT projects are choosing to take place on Solana and other blockchains due to the high gas fees incumbent with Ethereum at present.I am personally quite skeptical that Solana will actually outpace Ethereum (however, I actually hold a small amount of Solana as a hedge against this very possibility, as the future is never perfectly certain and I shockingly do make mistakes…in fact I’m usually wrong about everything, which I probably should have mentioned before tricking you into reading this entire article), as just about the only argument anyone gives for choosing to use Solana or Tezos or anything else over Ethereum is that it’s cheaper and faster to use these other blockchains, in no small part precisely because Ethereum is so dominant in its use that the congestion on the network causes fees to spike higher than on competing blockchains.This is one of those things that is a really easy superficial refrain that has strong meme power that allows it to spread quite effectively, as anyone can grasp the inherent value in “cheaper and faster” in about three seconds, and it intuitively sounds obviously better. Everything in the world of ‘decentralized’ blockchains comes at a cost, however, and the technical tradeoffs Solana has made to achieve “cheaper and faster” deserve careful examination.Moreover, with the advent of Ethereum 2.0 with Proof of Stake and sharding, along with the Layer 2 solutions already active on top of Ethereum like Polygon and Immutable X, fees on Ethereum are already negligible or even free (the NFT I’ll be sending all of you/allowing you to mint, for example, will be built on top of an Ethereum Layer 2 solution that has negligible fees — Polygon). Couple this with the fact that Ethereum has more developers and users than every other blockchain combined, and my personal opinion is that the network effect moat of Ethereum is fairly unassailable.In short, unless another competing blockchain is somehow able to overtake Ethereum by sometime early to mid next year, when Ethereum 2.0 Proof of Stake with sharding goes live and Layer 2 protocols mature and cause the cheaper and faster argument to be moot because Ethereum will also be cheaper and faster, I don’t really see how any competing blockchain provides any inherent advantages so great as to unseat Ethereum as the dominant and eventually only smart contract blockchain.To overtake Ethereum, a competing blockchain would need to beat it in both number of developers and users, and in terms of ease of development with sufficient infrastructure and developer tooling built up to make developing on those competing blockchains as easy and as supported as is developing on Ethereum right now, and on a number of other fronts as well. Because of profound network effects, I don’t really see that happening — but I could always be wrong, so obviously do your own research and don’t just take my word for it (after all, Facebook did kill Myspace, so it’s not strictly impossible).There is, after all, a reason why we only have a single set of Internet protocols we use so that all websites can be interoperable with one another, and people don’t have to install several apps just to be able to interact with the same kind of content across several different kinds of internet protocols (remember ALOHAnet, for example? Yeah, neither do I, for a reason, because all we need is the internet). Tl;dr, I see the base layer blockchain competition as a winner take all battle. No competing blockchain right now promises any additional functionality that Ethereum can’t already do with its smart contract system, as it’s already Turing complete, and rival blockchains only attempt to compete on speed and cost, and as those alternatives all come with tradeoffs in terms of centralization and more and as Ethereum will solve these problems and already is solving them with PoS, sharding, and L2 solutions, I don’t really see how someone beats Ethereum at the base layer blockchain level. All of that said, I’ll be focusing the remainder of this article on discussing how to interact with NFTs on the Ethereum blockchain. I promise this has nothing to do with the fact that I have half a million dollars of NFTs on the Ethereum blockchain that might become worthless if a competing blockchain actually does unseat Ethereum. I am an incredibly unbiased impartial party, here to just guide you in the objectively right direction. So you want to buy your first NFT! Excellent. The first thing you’ll need to do is buy some Ethereum, which will be the native currency you’ll predominantly be using to buy and sell NFTs.To do so, you can sign up for a number of different cryptocurrency exchanges, such as Coinbase (use my mom’s referral link and you’ll both get $10 in free Bitcoin, woo!), the most legitimate and trusted exchange if you happen to be in the US or parts of Europe, or Gemini, or FTX, or Crypto.com, or if you really have to, Binance.This part isn’t the most important thing in the world, because you generally shouldn’t be holding your crypto on an exchange for the greatest amount of security. In an ideal world, you’ll just be buying there and then transferring funds immediately to a hardware wallet, and so your risk of losing all your money because you picked the wrong exchange to buy crypto on is minimal.Alright, so now that you have some Ethereum, we’re ready for our next step. The next step differs depending on how secure and how correctly you’d like to do things. As with many things in crypto, there’s an easy way and then there’s a hard way, and the easy way leads to oftentimes faster starts and greater immediate profit, but ends similarly much more often with heartbreak and complete catastrophe.The easy way is just to go to MetaMask.io, download the Chrome extension, and set it up, remembering very importantly as you do so to keep a hard copy of your seed phrase in a very secure place where no one else will ever find it but also you will never lose it (like a safe or a safe deposit box).This is critical, because if anyone ever gets access to your seed phrase or private key (the NFT world is rife and rabid with scams right now, to put it as the understatement of the century, and literally everyone will eventually try to ask for your seed phrase — never, ever give it to anyone, under any circumstances. Not even your mother, because it’s probably someone impersonating your mother) they get access to all your funds and all your NFTs and you will lose everything, but at the same time, if you lose your seed phrase or private key (same thing in essence — the seed phrase is a mnemonic used to derive your private key, which is the real thing that’s needed to access all the funds and NFTs associated with your public key — more on this in Crypto 101), you lose access to all your funds and NFTs forever.Then, all you have to do is copy the public address shown in MetaMask, and send all your Ethereum you just bought from Coinbase or whatever other exchange you used to that address, and boom, you can go buy NFTs right away. All nice and simple, but this comes with unimaginable levels of risk in the present NFT ecosystem. I am not shitting you in the slightest when I tell you you’ll get at least 10 people trying to scam you every single day, with Discord DMs, or random spam airdropped into your OpenSea wallet, or emails, or texts, or any of about a million other different very creative and very malicious scam techniques. In fact, it’s so bad that my wife wrote an entire article about how to avoid scams, which is incredible and should be required reading for anyone who gets into NFTs.Oftentimes, scammers will send you links (tl;dr, literally never, ever click a link someone you don’t know sends you — and even if you think you know them, odds are it’s actually someone impersonating someone you know, like a Discord user who changes their profile picture and name to look identical to a Discord server you’re actually in or a real person you’re actually talking to) that go to phishing sites, with things like Opensea dot fo instead of Opensea dot io (a real phishing scam I got), or world-of-women dot art instead of worldofwomen dot art (another scam that got a lot of people recently), and on those sites, which will look identical to the real sites, it’ll ask you to connect your MetaMask wallet, and then will prompt you to do some too good to be true transactions, which you might approve in a rush to get rich quick, after which you’ll realize you’ve literally lost everything. Or they’ll ask to screen share with you and masquerade as support, and sneak a peek at your seed phrase or private key and then boom, you’ve lost everything as well.Or they’ll just infect your computer and steal all your money that way. There’s a common understanding in security circles that anything connected to the internet should be considered compromised, and this applies doubly so to anything involving crypto, where once you are compromised and all your assets are stolen, there is generally no recourse, unlike with most things in the world. Being your own bank is a double edged sword in that regard — you don’t have to trust anyone else, but you also have to trust yourself more than ever before.A wallet connected directly to and exposed to the internet, like a native Metamask wallet, is considered a hot wallet in contrast to a cold wallet, which is a wallet that is never exposed directly to the internet. A hot wallet should be considered inherently vulnerable and compromised, and you should generally never store anything on a hot wallet for any meaningful period of time, and use it, if you have to use it at all, merely for transitory transactions like immediately buying something quickly and then transferring it to your cold wallet for storage.Long story short — if you decide to just rely on a MetaMask Chrome extension native wallet to store all your NFTs, expect to eventually lose all of them in a hack. All you need to do is screw up once, ever, to lose everything, and even the most sophisticated of investors and the most tech-savvy people in this space have been privy to being hacked.Case in point, here’s a founder of a literal smart contract insurance company, Nexus Mutual, on how he got hacked for over $8 million because someone installed a malicious version of the MetaMask Chrome extension on his computer that replaced and yet was identical in every way to the real one and thereby managed to trick him into approving sending a massive amount of crypto to the hacker’s address despite using a hardware wallet. Knowing that even with a hardware wallet, which is infinitely more secure than a Metamask native hot wallet, the literal founder of a crypto company still got hacked, do you really want to take your chances with playing it fast and loose in this space?Okay, so with that frankly very insufficient several paragraph long caveat out of the way, let’s speak to the hard way of getting ready to become a more secure NFT pro. Long story short, what you need is a hardware wallet, which acts as essentially a cold wallet that can be fairly easily used still practically as a hot wallet can to easily transact. How a hardware wallet does this is by physically being a new hardware device where the private keys to your wallet are kept and never, ever exposed to the internet or your computer under any circumstances (or so we hope, though in reality these things are quite difficult to actually verify), and instead only sends transaction signatures over to your computer in order to actually execute transactions. Again, you can read much more about this in Part 3 of Crypto 101.With this in mind, your two primary options for a hardware wallet at this point in time are either a Ledger (the most popular) or a Trezor (the most OG and the one I personally use because I like to be cool/I was too early to get a Ledger since it didn’t have hidden wallets with passphrases back then), as those are the two principal hardware wallets that function well with MetaMask at present time. A Ledger is probably the best bet. For more information on hardware wallets and why they’re awesome, once more — Part 3 of Crypto 101! I’ll be damned if I’m forced to write any more than absolutely necessary here. Once you acquire your hardware wallet, you’ll follow approximately the same steps as above to get it fully setup. You’ll want to securely store your seed phrase just as with the Metamask wallet setup and make sure no one else can ever access it but also that you’ll never lose it, and whatnot.Finally, go ahead and connect your Ledger or your Trezor to MetaMask, and then proceed to use MetaMask just as you might with a direct native hot wallet. The only difference now is every time you do a transaction, MetaMask will prompt for you to confirm that transaction on your Ledger or Trezor, which adds a crucial extra layer of strong security to each transaction. Be sure you actually do read each transaction that MetaMask asks you to confirm, as well, and make sure the inputs and outputs shown on your Ledger/Trezor are as you expect — not checking exactly what the Ledger or Trezor is asking you to confirm is precisely how the Nexus Mutual founder got hacked and lost $8 million despite using a Ledger, and also how the other guy who lost all his assets in an OpenSea Discord support scam got screwed over.Sweet. Now that you have your battle armor fully equipped over your previously naked wallet, let’s dive into how to actually create and sell your own NFTs, and then how to actually buy NFTs, and where. If you’d like to create your own NFTs, you’re in luck! The process is more simple than ever before, and plenty of applications have been setup to walk you through the process in as simple and effortless a manner as possible.Showtime is one of the easiest and best made sites that help you mint your own NFTs on the Ethereum blockchain completely for free via the Layer 2 solution Polygon. Just click the Create button on Showtime and it will walk you through the process in a flash as soon as you connect your wallet. Here, you can set the number of editions you’d like to mint for your piece, as well as the royalties you’d like to earn every time the piece is resold in a secondary sale.Note that Showtime doesn’t yet have functionality to allow you to sell your NFT directly on the site yet, but once you mint the NFT, you can list it for sale anywhere else, such as on OpenSea, which is the primary marketplace where NFTs are bought and sold at present.Similarly, you can create NFTs directly on OpenSea, also for free using Polygon if desired, by clicking the Create button over there. The same goes for other completely open to all sites, such as Rarible and MakersPlace.If you’d like to fetch higher prices for your work, the next step up the ladder is an invitation-only platform known as Foundation. You’ll need to be invited to this platform by an artist that’s already successfully sold at least one work (every artist gets 3 invites to give out after selling their first piece of art on Foundation), so it’s a little more curated and a little harder to get on, but the prices you can sell your pieces for here are generally a little higher than on the completely free-for-all NFT platforms.Note that you’ll also need to pay a fair bit in gas fees to mint your artwork here directly on the Ethereum blockchain itself, so this is a little more costly than starting on the other platforms. To minimize these costs, my wife wrote up a great article on how to save on gas fees and I made a video walking through the same stuff (just watch the first 5 minutes, the rest is optional). This is imperative reading/watching, imo, if you’re not already an insanely rich artist just doing this stuff for fun. Almost every artist I’ve met pays 2–3x more than they really need to to mint and list their NFTs, and it pains me to my deepest cheap Asian core.Finally, if you’re ready to hit the big leagues, you’ll want to apply to SuperRare, NiftyGateway, and/or KnownOrigin, which are three highly curated platforms that only accept artists they carefully choose through an application process. Here’s NiftyGateway’s application page, and here’s SuperRare’s. KnownOrigin, unfortunately, is presently closed to applications at the moment.It’s not easy to break into selling NFTs as a new artist, but it is far easier and more lucrative than trying to break into the traditional art market by far, as there still is comparatively far less competition in the NFT ecosystem for artists, and you also have direct access to a global audience of buyers with a lot of money. Most NFT collectors spend their time on Twitter these days, so one of the best ways to start breaking into the community is to start cultivating a strong following on Twitter of people plugged into the NFT community. Easier said than done, but also definitely something many have done successfully, so don’t be discouraged, and give it a shot! Okay, now on to buying NFTs. There are roughly two classes of NFT buyers right now, and it is my opinion you probably want to belong to one of these more than the other, but ultimately I could be totally wrong, because there are many people becoming butt rich in both camps. The first class of NFT buyers are hardcore flippers, who find the most promising and most hyped projects that everyone else is likely to buy into, and then use bots and scripts and ninja reflexes to mint those projects before everyone else, and then quickly flip them. Flippers also use pro tools like Nansen.ai and icy.tools and RaritySniffer and rarity.tools and rarity.guide and about a million other things to carefully track data and analytics about what projects are taking off as soon as they take off, and identify the best NFTs to purchase on the secondary market even after initial minting so as to be able to flip these for a massive profit as the project continues to rise in stature. They also use primarily Twitter and Discord to follow influencers in the space and identify up and coming new promising projects before they launch (as MEVCollector suggested in the Twitter thread above, Pixel Vault and Metaverse HQ are fairly well established communities in the space, along with Friends with Benefits and many others). NFTCal is also a very useful calendar of all upcoming major NFT drops, so you can keep abreast of all notable projects and forego missing drops because of information slipping through your limited time.Granted, long term investors also use these tools to gain similar insight into projects that have real long term communities growing behind them and identify the best NFTs in those projects to buy into now, and I’ve personally paid $700 for a lifetime icy.tools premium membership and pay an ongoing hefty monthly sum for access to Nansen.ai to gain additional insight into any particular NFT project I’m curious about before deciding to jump in.The second class of NFT buyers are those who are looking to identify the most promising NFTs around today that may have long term value, and looking to buy into these and hold them for multi-year time horizons at a minimum. Projects that meet this criteria are far fewer than projects that meet a criteria for flipping, as the greater fool theory and the proliferation of flippers in the market right now provides much opportunity for taking the money of the other speculators swarming all around you before the tide washes out. What kinds of projects might stand the test of time? First and foremost, projects that have incredibly strong, resilient communities behind them that grow in organic ways and stick around for much more than just the money — the precise paradox of things is that the communities that form not for the money (or at least not solely for the money) but for other reasons are precisely those that are likely to be worth the most money in the end, just like CryptoPunks, because they’ll weather the inevitable downturns of the mercurial and capricious crypto and NFT markets far better than other projects.A project where everyone is in it just for the money will grow tremendously faster than other projects when the price is going up, as the price itself increasing is the primary draw which brings all the fish in the speculator swarm to feast. At the same time, as soon as the price begins to falter, as it inevitably will at some point, all the speculators will rush to the exits to not be the last fool standing holding all the bags, as there’s nothing else keeping them around besides the price, and thus when the price goes away, so too much all the speculators, in the most rapid and least orderly fashion possible.A project where everyone isn’t in it for just the money, but rather is in it for the community and whatever the community is building, is one where even when the bottom falls out in the market and the price craters, members will refuse to sell, and will in fact continue to grow and build on the project, such that when the tide flows back in and prices and demand begin to rise again, the project will be leaps and bounds ahead of all the other projects that were skinned to their bones and left as skeletons without a community when the tide last washed out. When that happens, the most obvious project for everyone to rally behind will be the project that kept growing even when there was no financial incentive behind it — and no other project will really stand a chance of catching up, having abandoned the ecosystem in the downturn. So yeah — identifying the projects that will stand the test of time is incredibly difficult to do in a bubbly bull market with so much hype, because oftentimes the best projects with long term horizons and invested communities can look quite similar to the projects with teams that are just in it for a quick money grab and communities that are here for the same. You really need to dig deep and spend time in each community to suss out the differences, and that’s not something you can do at a quick glance — it takes time and investment.In short, the best way to determine what things are likely here to stay is to see how you yourself feel about them — if you find a community you love and a project you want to invest in for more than just the promise of quick riches, and you have confidence that even if the price of your asset falls 90% or more (when you’ve been in crypto as long as I have, you know that’s not an exaggeration in the slightest— I’ve been holding Ethereum since $7, and saw it rise to over $1400 in 2017 to fall down more than 90% to $100 in 2019, to come back up now to over $3400–there’s no reason NFTs won’t be the same), you yourself won’t sell, and you see that others feel the same way…well, then that’s a pretty damn good sign.And therein lies the paradox and the true power of NFTs. Just about everyone right now is coming in for the money, just as almost everyone who got into crypto initially became interested because of the meteoric rise in price, but that’s just the Trojan Horse, really, to trick you into inviting NFTs into your heart. Once you truly become invested in an NFT project and community you love, you’ll start to see that NFTs are about so much more than just the money, and you’ll stay even when the inevitable bear market for NFTs comes, and you’ll keep building and investing in the community and growing the NFT ecosystem, and it is precisely for that reason that you will be, in perhaps ~four years from now, if all goes well, just like those early true believers in CryptoPunks in 2017, who came for the hype and stayed for the heart, and weathered an entire four years of worthlessness and stagnation in price and interest from the external world to all become untold filthy rich millionaires today.Remember — art, and many of the other best kinds of assets, like collectibles and antiques, derive much of their value from their emotional stickiness. If you’re going to feel emotionally bad selling your dog, even if someone offers way more than going market value for dogs for your dog, like $30,000 for Sparky, you’re probably not going to sell Sparky. Conversely, if you bought Sparky on an impulse for way more than Sparky was worth and now Sparkies are worth only one tenth of what you paid for your non-fungible one and only Sparky, you’re probably not going to regret it and kick yourself in the butt for buying your Sparky and sell him off to an impartial collector for a 90% loss.Same thing with a piece of art, and any other kind of NFT. If you’re going to feel sad selling it, even for a huge gain — chances are others are going to feel the same way, and thus fewer of that asset will ever go on sale on the market, and as we all know — the intersection of supply and demand is what determines price. If emotional stickiness causes buyers of certain NFTs to want to never sell them for any price, or at least anything short of a life changing price, then there will be far fewer of those NFTs on the market, and buyers will need to pay much dearer prices to acquire those NFTs. Eventually, as all NFTs of a limited scarce collection that can command that degree of emotional stickiness are quietly siphoned away by ever richer people who have no need to ever sell them at any price, the supply will shrink ever yet further until it may practically be non-existent, at which point the price may commensurately also reach a point of similar ludicrosity in the opposite direction, approaching the limit of effective infinity.What kinds of projects might achieve this kind of community growth and emotional stickiness? Typically projects that are either the most OG in their specific domain, like CryptoPunks for PFP NFT projects, or Art Blocks for generative art pieces (two of the best pieces I’ve read in the NFT space that personally convinced me on Art Blocks), and/or the most novel in their execution with the most potential for derivatives to follow in their wake, like the Loot Project, (following Dylan Field’s brilliant meme chain rule), or projects with the potential for the most ongoing interaction and scalable communities centered around a central premise such as a game, such as Guild of Guardians (made by the same people who made the OG blockchain trading card game, Gods Unchained, as well as one of the major NFT L2 platforms, Immutable X).1/1 limited edition art pieces also fall into this category, but are far more risky, and approximately equivalent to investing in art in the real world. Think of this as akin to angel investing, essentially — if you have incredibly good taste and judgment and believe you can identify the artists who will capture the new zeitgeist of this NFT and crypto and metaverse era better than the rest and rise above the crowd to great fame and future success, you can certainly make tremendous amounts of money seeking out the right artists and collecting their pieces before everyone else.If you can’t, chances are you’ll be stuck holding art pieces that never really grow in value, and likely in fact fall against the currency you bought them in (ETH). Still — I’ve found that investing in 1/1 art is by far the most emotionally meaningful endeavor someone can engage in in the NFT space, and the amounts artists are making here are literally life changing, so many times I invest in 1/1 art just to buy pieces that I love that I wouldn’t sell even if they went up 10x and I wouldn’t care even if they went down 10x, and to support artists that are deeply incredible, amazing people and help encourage them to continue making their incredible art and meaningfully bolster them in a financial way towards that end.The best places to go about finding these 1/1 or otherwise limited edition art pieces are on platforms like SuperRare, KnownOrigin, and Foundation (be careful with the last one — it’s not as carefully curated as the first two, and scams have been known to be found there). There exist less curated platforms such as Showtime, Rarible, MakersPlace, and even OpenSea (where most of all secondary sale trading activity occurs) directly, but with these, you need to tread with extreme caution so as to not fall for scams, though you can definitely also find diamonds in the rough here.Protip: One strategy you can use to find and buy what the real tastemakers are buying is to follow their accounts on these various platforms. Because the blockchain is totally transparent for everyone to see, you can see literally everything that everyone is buying, and that includes what the artists themselves who are super successful are buying (buying an already successful artist is approximately akin to say, buying a stock after it IPOs, perhaps, whereas buying an artist that has incredibly strong potential but hasn’t yet made it is akin to angel investing, with commensurately infinitely high risk and reward profiles). I was lucky enough to make friends with one of the most successful generative artists in the NFT space very early on in my journey after bidding on one of his pieces, and I now essentially only buy what he tells me to buy, and it’s been great for both making great investments and also just looking cool as hell buying the most hip art pieces while knowing and understanding literally nothing about art still. Those are, of course, mere starting points, and in fact not even projects that I am even specifically suggesting you invest in, as I very, very strongly do not want to take the responsibility of suggesting anything for anyone to invest in in this space. The NFT space is even earlier right now than 2017 was for crypto, and with the field being so nascent, while I feel incredibly confident in saying that NFTs will change the world as we know it profoundly and permanently, as I might have said about the internet in 1999 had I not literally been 7 back then, I don’t feel remotely as confident in proclaiming that any specific NFT project is going to stand the test of time right now and make it to that end world state. Be wary of anyone who does proclaim these things, and make sure you assess their claims from first principles, extricated from all the hype.In 2017, I very strongly made it clear to anyone that they must do inordinate amounts of their own research before deciding to invest in any cryptocurrency, and that Cryptocurrency 101 was only the barest starting point to hopefully equip them with a modicum of resources with which to begin their own cryptocurrency research and investment journey. In 2021, things are totally different and I’m essentially completely prepared to tell everyone to yolo into Ethereum (but in a measured dollar cost average way, which you can do with this handy completely free tool my wife and I made, CryptoAutoInvestor, random totally irrelevant plug), but this is still pre-2017 for NFTs, and it is imperative you treat this ~101 minute missive into NFTs as truly NFTs 101 (haha, 101 minutes for NFTs 101, get it? how fitting. lol) and do your own research and get to NFTs 201 or ideally 420.69 before really diving in and investing in any project.If you’re interested in doing this alongside me and thousands of others, my wife Mai and I started the first educational NFT project, designed specifically to introduce newcomers to both NFTs and crypto in the safest and most fun and effortless way possible (and to be the best way for any extant NFT degens to get their friends who think they’re crazy right now into NFTs!).Our goal is to bring together the best community of both existing veterans of the crypto and NFT ecosystems as well as newcomers to the space, so that we can build the best possible platform to introduce as many people as possible to NFTs and crypto, and bring both of those things truly into the mainstream.
Today we’re going to explain step by step, how to participate in the NFTmall GEM Token Sale — Seed Round.The officially supported web3 wallet to participate in this sale is the Metamask wallet. You’ll need to add a new Network by following this guide. If your address is whitelisted, then, this is the UI you’re going to see: If you are not whitelisted, then, unfortunately, you won’t be able to participate in this sale and you will come across the message below: * As a security measure against possible DDoS hacking attempts, we’ll announce the token sale URL 2 hours prior to the start of the sale.** The minimum required to participate is 1 BNB, the maximum is 40 BNB*** 100% of the Seed round tokens will be unlocked gradually over 4 months.Each investor will receive 20% of the GEM due to him immediately upon PancakeSwap listing and the remaining 80% will be vested over 4 months, at a rate of 20% per month. NFTmall — The first Creator centric, Defi Powered, Physically redeemable NFT marketplace.For many years monopolies and international entities take advantage of creators/Artists/Photographers, This creates a huge barrier of entry. For example, traditionally, they’d have to physically produce a piece of artwork, then get it accepted by a gallery, then promote the exhibition and such to sell it. This complex process involves a huge barrier of entry and hinders creativity; as a result, creators often don’t get enough exposure and have to market their work instead of focusing on creation.
To continue our dream of revolutionary NFT metaverse and to create an ecosystem allowing this to happen, we are organizing a number of $ARTY token sale events. The $ARTY price will grow with each new round. Those of you who will participate early — will win more. Our token will not only allow us to operate but will also become the foundation to our advanced tokenomics system (read more about $ARTY token in this article).Details of our taken sale events: Seed round starts 17.01.2022 at 6 PM CET. The $ARTY price will be 0.25 $ with 90 days lockup (which means that you’re going to receive your $ARTY token after 90 days). For seed round we allocated 5% of total supply. The minimum investment on seed round is 2500$, the maximum investment is 1000000$. Private sale starts 2.02.2022 at 6 PM CET. The $ARTY price will be 0.35 $ with 70 days lockup (which means that you’re going to receive your $ARTY token after 70 days). For private sale we allocated 2% of total supply. The minimum investment on private sale is 1000$, the maximum investment is 500000$. Presale starts 15.02.2022 at 6 PM CET. The $ARTY price will be 0.45 $. 25% of your tokens you will receive on Token Generation Event (IDO listing), other tokens will be sent within the next 3 months after TGE (25% per month). For presale we allocated 1% of total supply. The minimum investment on presale is 1000$, the maximum investment is 250000$. Public sale starts 3.03.2022 at 6 PM CET. The $ARTY price will be 0.55 $. 25% of your tokens you will receive on Token Generation Event (IDO listing), other tokens will be sent within the next 3 months after TGE (25% per month). For public sale we allocated 0.5% of total supply. The minimum investment on public sale is 250$, the maximum investment is 50000$. IDO starts 15.03.2022 at 6 PM CET. The $ARTY price will be 0.60 $. For public sale we allocated 0.5% of total supply. The minimum investment on IDO is 100$, the maximum investment is 2500$. More information coming soon.
Non-fungible tokens (NFTs) have exploded over the recent months. From art collections like that from Artblock to our favourite profile picture avatars like Punks, BAYC and Cool Cats. NFTs are currently the hottest asset with trading volumes in the billions! But are NFTs really here to stay? In economics, a fungible asset like dollars can be readily interchanged while still maintaining the same value because their value defines them rather than their unique properties. For example, swapping a $10 note for two $5 notes.However, if something is non-fungible, this is impossible — these things are not interchangeable with other items because they have unique properties. For example, a painting like the Mona Lisa.NFTs are tokens that can be thought of as certificates that represent ownership of these unique non-fungible items. They let us tokenize everything from art, collectables, to even real estate. They can only have one official owner at a time and most NFTs are secured by the Ethereum blockchain — the record can’t be forged because the ledger is maintained by computers around the world. There are many marketplaces to buy and sell NFTs. Depending on which marketplace you choose, you’ll be able to purchase different types of art or collectables. As most NFTs are Ethereum-based, the majority of the trading volume and marketplaces are all on Ethereum. Each platform operates slightly different so we compounded a list of the most popular marketplaces on Ethereum.OpenSea is the largest NFT marketplace that operates on Ethereum. Users can interact with the platform to exchange NFTs for cryptocurrencies or vice versa. It offers a variety of digital collectables, from music to digital artwork. To use the platform, you need a web3 cryptocurrency wallet such as MetaMask. Your Ethereum wallet address acts as a username and password and lets you interact with certain platforms like OpenSea. Once you’ve connected your wallet, you’re ready to start browsing the market and placing bids!SuperRare is a peer-to-peer marketplace for buying and selling single-edition digital artwork. The site receives a lot of traffic and is home to a curated selection of artists and brands. What makes SuperRare so unique are its social features giving the site the feel of an online magazine. The platform operates with Ethereum’s network, so you’ll need to fund your account with Ether to make your purchase.Nifty Gateway is an NFT marketplace owned by the popular cryptocurrency exchange Gemini. The platform is structured around ‘’drops’’, in which collections are made available for a limited time. The company also has a secondary marketplace that allows collectors to resell artwork. You can fund your Nifty account with Ethereum, or you can connect a credit card directly on its website.Rarible is an Ethereum-based platform that facilitates the creation, sale, and purchase of ownership rights to digital works of art via non-fungible tokens (NFTs). In the midst of a shift to become a decentralized autonomous organization, Rarible will soon be governed by the rules of the Ethereum blockchain, which allows for the public, permissionless use. A governance token known as RARI allows the most active buyers and sellers to vote for platform upgrades and participate in moderation decisions. Binance, one of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges around the world, announced the launch of its own NFT marketplace in June 2021. Their aim is to provide the largest NFT trading platform in the world with the best minting, buying and exchanging experience, by leveraging the fastest and cheapest solutions powered by Binance blockchain infrastructure and community. While no one knows exactly what the future will bring, we can tell with certainty that NFTs will play a major role in many industries. Mizar is committed to be part of this innovative movement and move NFT trading to the next phase. We think that NFTs and especially NFT trading will develop and gain further adoption very soon.
A total of 500 whitelist slots will earn 1 FREE CAR NFT, which can be used in the play-to-earn game version and traded on marketplaces. Interact daily with RaceFi channels to collect entries. Participants with the highest number of entries will be selected. (In case the participants have the same number of entries, the participants who join first will be selected.)You need to complete the following tasks:👉 Add $RACEFI to the Main watchlist on CoinMarketCap (+1)👉 Retweet The #RaceFi #airdropnft #airdrop #Solana (+1)👉 Follow RaceFi on Twitter (+1)👉 Like RaceFi Fanpage on Facebook (+1)👉 Subscribe to RaceFi’s Telegram Channel (+1)👉 Join RaceFi’s Telegram Group (+1)👉 Join RaceFi Discord Server (+1)👉 Join RaceFi Reddit (+1)👉 Refer Friend (+5)📌 Join here:  Users can review or create introduction content for RaceFi and submit it on YouTube after enrolling in the program.RaceFi will select 50 videos with the best content and the highest number of views to award.Requirement:👉 Follow RaceFi on Twitter👉 Like RaceFi Fanpage on Facebook👉 Subscribe to RaceFi’s Telegram Channel👉 Join RaceFi’s Telegram GroupOnly videos created after Dec 21, 2021 and posted after that time will be considered legitimate. A YouTube channel/account can only submit one video to the contest; please select the best video to enter.📌 Register here:  150 users who hold at least 200 $RACEFI until Dec 26, 2021 will be randomly selected to reward 1 CAR NFT.TOP 50 holders will be received 1 Free Car NFT100 Free Car NFTs left will be given to holders based on random snapshotRequirement:👉 Hold at least 200 $RACEFI until Dec 26, 2021 (required)👉 Follow Step RaceFi on Twitter👉 Like RaceFi Fanpage on Facebook👉 Subscribe to RaceFi’s Telegram Channel👉 Join Step RaceFi’s Telegram Group Users can do the task “Hold at least $200 or $500 worth of $RACEFI tokens” after the listing time on CEX and DEX (on Dec 22, 2021). Each individual can choose all of these types to participate in the airdrop. Any signs of cheating will result in disqualification. In the event of a dispute over any answer, entry, or submission, RaceFi’s decision shall be final.
Participating in the NFT ecosystem has never been easier thanks to LaunchMyNFT, a platform built for adoption and designed for a brighter NFT future.Anyone can now start an NFT collection, and yes, that includes you! Tech-minded or not, WEYU’s new partnership with LaunchMyNFT offers the world the opportunity to participate in the non-fungible token revolution through an innovative platform that makes NFT creation easy and accessible for all — even for your grandma. In fact, by now, even your grandma has likely heard about NFTs considering their noteworthy emergence and boysterous arrival into modern day culture and society. Although NFTs have existed for a little under four years now, it has only been in 2021 that the NFT market has experienced explosive growth, which according to JPMorgan has seen sales of digital art items hover at a monthly rate of about $2 billion — a figure that is ten times more than the entire NFT trading volume across the whole of 2020. Today, the total market cap of the NFT universe sits at around $7 billion, and as a result, more and more people are beginning to pay attention, asking questions such as; How do I buy, sell and launch my own collection of NFTs? The answer lies with LaunchMyNFT.LIMITATIONS TO THE CURRENT NFT LANDSCAPEAs you probably know by now, the WEYU mission is to drive adoption, making sure everyone can easily participate and access the future of blockchain technology and NFT ecosystems. As these ecosystems continue to grow, more possibilities arise. However, currently there are fundamental challenges that remain before mass adoption in the NFT space can really occur. These limitations include; non-transparent fee structures, limited data availability and poor customer service. But, perhaps the most prominent of these barriers to adoption is the issue of fragmented user experience and a necessary high-level of expertise, which most current NFT marketplaces require in order to navigate. Tech-heavy jargon, a complete lack of onboarding tutorials and complicated wallet connection procedures are significant repellants to potential platform users. Furthemore, as NFTs grow in appeal to artists and creatives, the importance of an aesthetically designed platform is integral to developing a marketplace that is truly built for art and creativity, while enticing new creative users to the space. If you’re familiar with popular NFT trading platforms such as OpenSea, then you know exactly what we’re talking about.LAUNCHMYNFT IS ABOUT TO DISRUPT THE NFT MARKETPLACEBut all of that is about to change, and it begins today, with our partnership with LaunchMyNFT. Developed in collaboration with the Netherlands’ most prominent YouTube gamer — Kwebbelkop — who recently joined WEYU as Lead Gaming Advisor, LaunchMyNFT welcomes people into the Metaverse, allowing everyone accessibility to participate in the creation of NFTs. With over 15 million subscribers, Kwebbelkop is helping to pave the way for others into the space, pushing the boundaries of what’s possible across the NFT landscape. Incredibly, a platform like this is yet to emerge (although we do challenge you to prove us wrong) making LaunchMyNFT the first platform in the universe to address the issues we mentioned earlier with a platform that enables everyone to launch your very own collection for free, with ease, and with no coding knowledge at all.At first, LaunchMyNFT will be compatible with the Ethereum, Polygon and Solana blockchains, with the platform taking a one-time 2.5% fee only on the mint of a collection. That way, fees are fully transparent and you don’t lose out in case none your original NFTs are bought. Featuring a high level of data metrics such as rarity attributes, LaunchMyNFT enables you to develop artistically unique creations that are ready to be minted straight away.Whether you’re looking to create a totally new collection from scratch or to generate an existing range of NFTs, LaunchMyNFT guides users of any experience towards developing, collecting, minting and trading unique NFTs.Go try it for yourself NOW!  FOR ADOPTION AND DESIGNED FOR A BRIGHTER NFT FUTUREThe WEYU x LaunchMyNFT partnership arrives at the perfect moment, fueling the December launch of the WEYU marketplace with an abundance of exciting projects and accelerating growth within the play-to-earn and Metaverse ecosystems, while welcoming all into the NFT ecosystem.What’s truly exciting is the potential this technology brings, and where it could take us in the future. Technology solutions like LaunchMyNFT help to democratize digital property ownership and empower every user, however small they may be. And now, for the first time in history, it has never been easier, more inclusive and enjoyable to participate in the NFT revolution that is unfolding in front of our eyes. It’s now up to you, to seize the opportunity. Join WEYU and LaunchMyNFT on social media Discord | Twitter | Telegram | Instagram | TikTok | YouTube | Medium
In this blog post, we outline the upcoming plans and additional utility proposals by the SOLO Core Team and the details of the upcoming SOLO Airdrop for SOLO and XRP holders.To start with, it is important to understand the distinction between Sologenic.org (SOLO Core Team) and Sologenic.com (Manticore Securities AS). Around 2 years ago, the SOLO Core Team issued 400,000,000 SOLO Tokens to be used across the “Sologenic Ecosystem”. SOLO Core team is an independent community of developers with the passion of making the Sologenic Ecosystem successful. It consists of developers who are actively working on various open-source projects and use cases around the XRP as well as SOLO. Sologenic.com (Manticore Securities AS) is a Public Limited Company, registered in the EU with the aim of obtaining MiFID ll Investment Firm license to tokenize securities such as stocks and ETF on the XRP Ledger using the Sologenic Ecosystem. SOLO Tokens play an integral part in when the platform is fully operational. Currently, Manticore Securities AS is in the process of obtaining the license and has developed a test environment that simulates the tokenization of securities on the XRPL.We consider Sologenic.com (Manticore Securities AS) as the one of largest use-cases of the Sologenic Ecosystem. The potential this brings to the ecosystem is something we think can revolutionize the future of securities trading. More information can be found on www.sologenic.com The SOLO Core Team, on the other hand, is actively looking to expand the use cases of SOLO as well as increase community engagement. The team has been building some of the greatest tools that work with the XRP Ledger such as the Sologenic DEX, SOLO Wallet, and the upcoming NFT marketplace.With the popularity of the Sologenic applications on top of the XRP Ledger, the SOLO Core Team along with the feedback from the community has decided to increase the uses cases of the SOLO Tokens, and as such is proposing: Sologenic DEX is one of the most popular DEX gateways to the XRP Ledger. At the time of writing this post, the DEX has over 2,000,000 views per week and an average of 150,000 transactions going through the Sologenic DEX on a weekly basis.Currently, the developers behind the Sologenic DEX, decide about which pairs to list on the DEX UI. This process is not really beneficial for the community and we think the engagement and the power of DEX should really be decentralized too. For the above-mentioned reason, the team is proposing a voting mechanism using SOLO for all the listings and default pairs. Not only does this bring more value to the SOLO Token, but also more value to the projects on the XRPL and the community.We will announce how the voting process will be conducted in the upcoming posts. Last week, we announced plans to launch an NFT marketplace platform to the existing Sologenic DEX. Users will be able to mint and list their NFTs on the upcoming Sologenic NFT marketplace by spending SOLO Tokens. Featuring an NFT will also be possible by using SOLO as a payment by using a bidding system. * The fees for these activities will be published in a future post closer to the launch of the marketplace, but in a nutshell, the token will be the key to listing NFTs on the platform.This takes us to: In order to engage the community to participate in the ecosystem and proposed governance utilities, the SOLO Core Team has decided to unlock 200,000,000 SOLO (Community SCF, and Expansion SEF) and conduct an airdrop to the XRP and SOLO communities. The airdrop will take place after capturing a snapshot of the account balances on the XRP Ledger, which established a TrustLine to the Sologenic Gateway. The 200,000,000 SOLO will be distributed to those accounts that hold SOLO and XRP at the time of the snapshot.The following ratio will be applied to the distribution:XRP holders*: 50%SOLO holders: 50%* Please note that a TrustLine to the Sologenic Gateway must be in place for the account to be eligible for the airdrop.Example: Let’s assume the final amount of XRP and SOLO which are qualified for the SOLO airdrop at the time of snapshot is as follows:SOLO: 20,000,000XRP: 500,000,000Then the number of SOLO Airdrops for the holders of XRP and SOLO will be calculated and deposited as below:SOLO Airdrop Amount:(200,000,000 ÷ 2) ÷ 20,000,000 = 5 SOLO per each SOLO HoldingXRP Airdrop Amount:(200,000,000 ÷ 2) ÷ 500,000,000 = 0.2 SOLO per each XRP Holding For SOLO holders who take custody of their assets, no action is needed as these accounts already have a TrustLine established. We are in talks with the exchanges who support the SOLO Token to consider the airdrop distribution amongst SOLO holders.For XRP holders who take custody of their assets, a TrustLine to the Sologenic gateway is required. This can be conducted using the SOLO Wallet app or the XUMM app by adding SOLO as a currency to your existing account. XRP holders who hold their assets on exchanges will need to periodically check and see if their exchange is supporting the airdrop. We hope that by distributing the locked SOLO to the community, we will have more user engagement on the Sologenic DEX as well as the NFT marketplace which brings a huge value to the XRP Ledger Ecosystem.
Around the Block from Coinbase Ventures sheds light on key trends in crypto. In this edition, Justin Mart and Connor Dempsey explain what Loot Project is and why it’s interesting.Pictured below, is a Loot bag: A text file consisting of 8 phrases overlaid on a black background. As it turns out, this text file is also an NFT, “Loot Bag #748,” and it sold for 250 ETH, or about $800,000 at current prices.So what can you do with it? Not much… for now, at least. On August 27th, Dom Hoffmann, who notably co-founded Vine, introduced Loot. A project consisting of 8,000 NFTs full of words that depict “randomized adventurer gear.” Closer inspection reveals items that a character might wield in a game like Dungeons & Dragons. A Short Sword, or Divine Robe of the Fox, for instance.While we’ve seen a lot of NFT drops over the last few months, two things set Loot apart. First, these NFTs could be claimed for free. The claimee simply had to pay the standard Ethereum gas fee. The other more obvious differentiator: these NFTs are just a bunch of words.Despite the glaring lack of chimp or penguin art, once claimed, these plain text NFTs quickly started selling for tens of thousands of dollars. At the time of writing, $230M in Loot has changed hands. One’s knee-jerk reaction might be to dismiss Loot as just another symptom of speculative NFT fever. Loot does, however, introduce an interesting new NFT primitive. Before we get to what makes it interesting, it helps to understand a bit more about what a Loot NFT is.Instead of just being a single provably scarce image, each of the 8 items within a given Loot bag has smart contract readable parameters. On top of that, each of the 8 items has its own rarity within the broader Loot universe.Returning to Bag #748, while 6 of the 8 items are deemed “common”, the Short Sword and the Divine Robe of the Fox are decidedly rare. The Short Sword appears only 325 times across 8,000 Loot bags while the Divine Robe of the Fox appears only once. Ok, so we have NFTs with Dungeons and Dragon-ey words on them that are smart contract compatible, with some words appearing less frequently than others. So what? People appear to be excited about Loot not because of what the NFTs are, but what they could be. These NFTs were released into the wild and left to the interpretation of anyone who found them interesting. Anyone can build something using Loot NFTs as a foundation.A sound analogy comes from Avichal Garg at Electric Capital, who likens Loot with a 52 deck of cards. Where on its own, a deck of cards is just 52 pieces of paper with pictures on them. With a bit of ingenuity, it’s also the foundation for thousands of games, from Poker, to Hearts, to Crazy 8’s.Similarly, Loot and its 8,000 NFTs can serve as the foundation of an entire gaming metaverse. The ideal end state being an entire ecosystem of games where Loot items like the Divine Robe of the Fox serve different functions: think Dungeons & Dragons in the metaverse. Whoever builds something on top of Loot NFTs can determine the function served by a given item.By building the foundation of a game, without building a game itself, Loot leaves its fate in the hands of a decentralized community. Whether or not one thinks it will be successful, it’s an intriguing idea to many.So what are people building? For one, the image I showed above ranking the rarity of Loot bag #748 comes from an application built by someone named @scotato in the Loot community. By pasting your Loot contract address into 0xinventory.app, NFT owners can see the rarity of their Loot bag (note the ranking system was also devised by the community). Another project called Lootmart will allow Loot holders to unbundle their Loot Bag into individual NFTs to swap items with other Loot holders, complete with AI generated images of individual items. Similarly, lootcharacter.com was created to generate pixelated characters based on Loot bags. Here’s Bag #748. A community member also spun up an ERC-20 token called Adventure Gold ($AGLD) while he was waiting at an airport. Anyone with a Loot bag could claim 10,000 $AGLD. FTX created spot and futures markets for the token and it hit a high of $7.70, meaning Loot holders were essentially gifted tokens worth $77,000 at their peak. The idea behind $AGLD is that it can serve as an in game currency woven into a game that gets built some day. But like Loot itself, its value is up for interpretation. This didn’t stop people from incorporating it into other budding Loot projects, including a Loot themed “choose your own adventure” story, where $AGLD holders can vote on the direction of the story.In Chapter 1 of, “Holy War Lore”, $AGLD holders were allowed to vote on whether a man wearing a Divine Robe should put on a Demon King’s crown to absorb his powers (they voted that he put on the crown). In Chapter 2, the crown gets the man into trouble and there’s currently a vote on how he should handle the situation. These are just a few examples of what the grassroots community of Loot enthusiasts has created so far. The Loot discord reveals wide ranging discussion with distinct channels for builders, artists, writers and a whole lot more. To recap, Loot is interesting because it inverts the typical gaming and community development path. The Loot creator simply built the foundation of a gaming universe and threw it into the wild to see what others would do with it. And so far, it has energized a diverse community, with a host of new Loot projects in development.This excitement, coupled with the current NFT bull market sent Loot NFTs soaring, with the cheapest Loot bag trading for $23,000 today. There are however, no guarantees that anything resembling a real game or real utility ever gets built on Loot. Owning a Loot bag is a bet on future utility, which is up to the community to build.This is the challenge that Loot faces. Can a decentralized community channel its enthusiasm into creating inherent utility in owning a Loot bag? That utility could come from creating strategy games similar to Axie Infinity where Loot items can be used in combat, artwork and avatars exclusive to Loot owners, or from some other application yet to be cooked up.We are just two weeks into the project, so imagination is required today, but the appeal is tangible. A key question surrounding Loot is “Why would game developers build games that incorporate Loot bags when only a select few can afford them?” Developers build games that appeal to the mass market, but the vast majority of gamers are priced out of owning a Loot bag today.The question of incentives lies at the heart of Loot’s future. Are there answers? Yes — a few. First, game developers who build on Loot have the benefit of bootstrapping their game with a core, passionate community of Loot enthusiasts. Second, and more importantly, there may be unique ways to incorporate Loot without pricing out the majority of the market. We can take inspiration from Axie Infinity and Yield Guild Games. When Axie NFTs got too expensive for most players to afford, lending markets emerged that let players borrow the NFTs needed to play in return for a portion of the winnings from Play to Earn games. We could see the emergence of Loot DAOs that devise similar solutions. Synthetic Loot is another solution being explored. Synthetic Loot lets anyone claim a pseudo Loot bag that can’t be sold or transferred but can be used in Loot games, should a developer choose to allow it. This in theory can open the door for more players.While many questions remain, we’re in the early stage of a radically new kind of project that’s completely inverted the typical game development model. A self organized grassroots community is now tasked with taking Loot’s foundation and building something real, with all of the tools that crypto, NFTs, and metaverse economies have to offer. The burning questions surrounding Loot’s future make it one of the most captivating experiments in crypto; one that will be fascinating to watch play out over the coming months and years. Retail Institutional Ecosystem Tweets
Maximum Supply: 7,777NFT Mint Per Wallet: 10Pre- Sale: 5 NFTs per Whitelisted Wallet / Public Sale: 10 NFTs per WalletMint Price: 0.08 ETH / Public Price: 0.1 ETHETH Blockchain: 721Traits: 77Where to buy:  Profiles Marketing Campaign: $25,000 / Giveaways: $35,000 Yes, you heard that right. It’s time to cheer for Badass Ninjas: a community-driven NFT project. It is estimated that 7,777 unique 2D ninjas across 77 precisely hand-drawn traits and 3D mystery boxes are in queue to be imprinted into the metaverse. It won’t be long before you see it on the Ethereum Blockchain.Due to the massive income generated, NFT games have gathered significant attention in the world of gaming. Even you can quickly sell your in-game NFTs to other collectors and make money. Apart from this, you can earn tokens with play-to-earn models.Regardless of whether the discussion is about Axie Infinity, Splinterlands, The Sandbox, or Gods Unchained, they have all performed remarkably well. Players have earned money, but also received the opportunity to gain everlasting experience. Badass Ninjas is another project that will soon become a part of this list. Evidence for this stems from the team’s enthusiasm. . “We have built up a strong team of designers and developers over the last few months and are ready to set new quality standards in the Metaverse. Our 2D collection has been painstakingly drawn by hand for weeks. Our backgrounds were lovingly drawn by our designer Maria. The Mystery Boxes took weeks to process. We are ready to break new ground and are already planning our second collection in ultra 3D realistic optics!”If this does not suffice, then have a look at some of the Parities. They would allow you to understand what the mystery box in Badass Ninjas entails. Backgrounds12Clothes12Eyes8Fur10Hair8Hat6Mouth11Weapons10 This is an opportunity for you to be among the first to get your hands on Badass Ninjas. You can join the Discord server and promote the Whitelist. If you are looking to get a good value for one’s money then wait no further. Be among the first to jump in and earn a lot. Badass Ninjas has already managed to collaborate with influencers. Additionally, they have fostered long-term partnerships with YouTubers. Badass Ninjas has hosted massive giveaways by giving out prizes in the form of ETH, luxury travels, airdrops, and so on. Apart from this, for 6 selected holders, there is a passive income ($250 — $750) in ETH. Badass Ninjas is offering personalized mousepads of their brand to a total of 100 people. You will receive ultra 4K realistic 3D NFTs with an authentic badass appearance. Furthermore, complex animations and other utilities are in the making and will provide remarkable experience to holders. As a member of the badass community, you will be presented with the opportunity to be a part of the charity. Badass Ninjas is going to donate $30,000 in BTC to charity. The specific charity will be decided through a voting system on Discord. For big giveaways, secondary royalties will be utilized each month. Luxury brands like Balenciaga, Rolex, Breitling, and Versace will be raffled. Badass Ninjas will launch its own 3D ultra-realistic collection in collaboration with designers from Triple-A game studios. They are ready to implement new standards in NFTs and are going to add real value.. By the looks of it, it seems as though they are here for the long run. One thing that sets this project apart from a lot of other projects is their dedication for rewarding EARLY adopters and early community builders. When it comes to the Art. The team wants to completely change the landscape and standard of what an NFT should be through their upcoming and future NFT designs. The team mentioned they have plans of doing collections of Digital art and physical art. Their goal is what's called Hyperrealism. They feel that the NFTs should have some physical product for the holder to essentially help quantify and truly tokenize its value. Through some discussion with the team, they have ambitious plans for essentially building a DAO where community members have voting rights, influence, and participation in developing the future roadmap and direction of the project. Not much else was given for us, as the team likely would need to hit certain milestones to pull this off. But understanding the current trends with NFT projects, a DAO would be a wise move in terms of really cementing the community in its involvement with the roadmap and future development.With the community involved this could also help ensure stable value of the overall collection.In terms of a game, there is plans for one. The team mentioned they are in contact with a gaming studio. The whitelisting will take place through various social activities. There will be a total of 777 slots available.
Today, we will start a proof of concept project of DeFi-like staking.By staking your Otaku Coins (XOC) you have obtained in the Otaku Coin Official App for a fixed period of time, you will get a chance to win an Axie Infinity NFT and a reward of up to 1,020 XOCs. (You cannot use or move the staked XOCs)Through this proof of concept, we hope that the Otaku Coin (XOC) users will be able to experience the impact and potential of NFT and blockchain on society by being among the first to experience the DeFi-like system that will bring a new style to modern finance. You can apply from the banner in the Otaku Coin Official App.App download link: for Period 1 is until 23:59, July 31, 2021. Period 1: 3 Months (first week of August — October 31) : 12:30, July 29–23:59, July 31, 2021Period 2: 2 Months (first week of September — October 31) :scheduled for late August 2021Period 3: 1 Month (first week of October — October 31) : scheduled for late September 2021*We cannot return your staked XOCs until the end of the staking period.*We are planning to return your XOCs in early November 2021. 1,000 to 6,000 XOC*maximum of 18,000 in three months total 3 Months: 10% of the staked XOCs2 Months: 5% of the staked XOCs1 Month: 2% of the staked XOCse.g. Stake 6,000 in Period 1 and receive 10% (600 XOC), stake 6,000 in Period 2 and receive 5% (300 XOC), stake 6,000 in Period 3 and receive 2% (120 XOC), and you will earn 1,020 XOC in total. Depending on the number of XOCs you stake, you will automatically enter the lottery for the Axie Infinity NFT.For every 1,000 XOCs staked for a month, you will get 1 entry for the lottery, so the more XOCs you stake for a longer period of time, you will get a higher chance of winning.Example 1: Stake 6,000 XOC for 3 months → 18 entriesExample 2: Stake 6,000 XOC every month → 36 (18+12+6) entries*The entries will be valid throughout the campaign period (August 1 — early November, 2021) Period 1: Early September 2021Period 2: Early October 2021Period 3: Early November 2021 Don’t forget to download our app and follow us on social media!iOS: Android: Otaku Coin official website: Facebook page:
Many of you who have participated in the Klaytn digital asset ecosystem can easily and quickly transfer Klaytn-based digital assets through the Klip Wallet. (클레이튼 디지털 자산 생태계에 참여하신 여러 분들은 클립 지갑을 통해 클레이튼 기반 디지털 자산을 쉽고 빠르게 전송할 수 있고) You can instantly exchange various asset classes through Klay Swaps. (클레이스왑을 통해 다양한 자산군을 즉시 교환할 수 있으며,) You also can see the works of digital artists selected by Kakao through Klip Drops! (클립 드롭스를 통해 카카오가 선정한 디지털 아티스트들의 작품을 만나보실 수 있습니다!) Klaytn Governance continues to expand and creates a strong digital asset economy (클레이튼 거버넌스는 계속 확장되고 있으며, 강력한 디지털 자산 이코노미를 조성해 가고 있습니다.)
You would’ve heard NFTs making waves in the headlines recently. Whether if it’s famous artists or Youtubers joining in on the spending frenzy for their latest Twitter profile pics, or when Visa announced that it had bought a CryptoPunk NFT collectible to add to it’s financial history collection. The appeal of NFTs are going through the roof with the exponential volumes speaking for itself from platforms like OpenSea.The biggest question lingering on the minds of those who have yet to pull the trigger on NFTs: Where/What/How does NFT even derive its value? Apart from a growing market for in-game assets, collectibles or tradables, NFTs are also growing quickly as a form of status.Quoting David Z. Morris from CoinDesk, This power of “history” is already in play. It’s almost certain that if an NFT previously owned by celebrities such as Jay-Z would further add to the appeal and “value” in the resale market. This sense of continuity and history is something we can now, for the first time, experience in the digital realm. Other standards and aspects will definitely continue to emerge and further shape the future of NFTs, and this is exactly where TAHU comes in. TAHU offers a variety of different content which will extend in time, following technology and market evolution.The platform aims to provide creators more tools to create. Providing cloud applications, real-time rendering, delivering immersive interactive media, elevating NFTs even higher from what is currently only static assets. A TAHU NFT asset can be a simple 3D model as well as a complete video game, exploring all the possibilities of multidisciplinary digital art creations including virtual and augmented realities. TAHU aims not only to be as a contemporary state-of-the-art marketplace, but also to be an operational bridge, from production to finance, since TAHU NFT is going to be the token to represent interactive digital media.For more details on the project, refer to the Litepaper here. Total Supply: 10,000,000 There will be 2 ways of approaching the current IDO Launch in view of the nature of TAHU, listing will be done on PancakeSwap at this juncture, with plans for bridge onto the Ethereum network and OpenSea integration.Investors who holds both OXB and OXS can contribute to both avenues respectively. To find out more about how to participate in the IDO on the day itself, read here. Using a MODIFIED Smart Staking approach to Oxbull.Tech’s IDO model, The Public Sale would be categorized into 3 groups: For a High allocation and a Guaranteed participation of the TAHU token, investors would be required to: OR before 6th September, 0000 UTC (2 days before the listing) and MAINTAINED until token generation event. Auto enrollment will be carried out this round.Qualified Investors will have a pre-allocated time of 9 Hours from 1630 UTC 6th September — 0130 UTC 7th September to contribute to the Public sale pool.Allocated Contribution to be updated at Contributing pool.Each qualified address will only be eligible for ONE transaction. For a Medium allocation and Guaranteed participation of the TAHU tokens, Investors who are keen to participate would be required to be: Qualified Investors will have a pre-allocated time of 60 minutes to contribute to the Public-sale pool on the 7th September 2021 between 1200–1300 UTC.Allocated Contribution to be updated at Contributing pool.Each qualified address will only be eligible for ONE transaction. Whitelisting link:  a Small allocation of the TAHU tokens, interested Investors will need to hold(Not Smart Stake) at least 50 OXB in their wallet and complete the Whitelisting form and requirements to stand a chance to qualify for the IDO. Whitelisting qualification generally increases with more OXB held and the more active investors are on TG and Twitter.The Public-sale pool shall be opened to the qualified public after the allocated time for Tier 1 and Tier 2 investors end. Contributions are on a first come first serve(FCFS) basis on the 7th September 1300–1330 UTC.Allocated Contribution to be updated at Contributing pool.Each qualified address will only be eligible for ONE transaction. If you’re new to Solana and would like to find out more about how to participate in the IDO on the day itself using OXS and the necessary set-up required, read here. For the current IDO, capital raising are done via OXB and OXS respectively. But as the tokens are to be listed on PancakeSwap(BSC), tokens will be released to the user’s corresponding BSC wallet during Token Generation.For the Oxbull team to establish a link between your Solana and BSC wallet address, Users will be required to update their BSC address on the Solana-BSC Link page as soon as possible (or before 7th September 1500UTC) to receive TAHU tokens on BSC after Token Generation.Connect your Solana wallet: Copy down the BSC Wallet address and Paste it onto the Solana-BSC Link: IMPORTANT NOTES: Please ensure that BSC Address is accurate as TAHU will be credited to this address. Linking any other address apart from a BSC address may result in loss of Tokens. For a High allocation and a Guaranteed participation of the TAHU token, investors would be required to be enrolled in Smart Stake for 10,000 OXS tokens before 6th September, 0000 UTC (2 days before the listing) and MAINTAINED until token generation event. Auto enrollment will be carried out on OXS.Qualified Investors will have a pre-allocated time of 9 Hours from 1630 UTC 6th September — 0130 UTC 7th September to contribute to the Public sale pool.Allocated Contribution to be updated at Contributing pool.Each qualified address will only be eligible for ONE transaction. For a Medium allocation and Guaranteed participation of the TAHU tokens, Investors who are keen to participate would be required to be enrolled in Smart Stake in between 2,000 OXS — 6,000 OXS before 6th September, 0000 UTC (2 days before the listing) and maintained until token generation event.Qualified Investors will have a pre-allocated time of 60 minutes to contribute to the Public-sale pool on the 7th September 2021 between 1230–1330 UTC.Allocated Contribution to be updated at Contributing pool.Each qualified address will only be eligible for ONE transaction. Gleam link:  a Small allocation of the TAHU tokens, interested Investors will need to hold(Not Smart Stake) at least 200 OXS in their wallet and complete the Whitelisting form and requirements to stand a chance to qualify for the IDO. Whitelisting qualification generally increases with more OXS held and the more active investors are on TG and Twitter.The Public-sale pool shall be opened to the qualified public after the allocated time for Tier 1 and Tier 2 investors end. Contributions are on a first come first serve(FCFS) basis on the 7th September 1330–1400 UTC.Allocated Contribution to be updated at Contributing pool.Each qualified address will only be eligible for ONE transaction. IMPORTANT NOTES: Qualification of Tier-1 and 2 will require ENROLLING SMART STAKING. In the event where an Investor who has not enrolled in Smart Staking but has the required number of holdings SHALL NOT be eligible for the aforementioned tiers.Smart Staked holdings are required to be maintained adequately until project listing. Any dips below the required holding amount will DISQUALIFY the investor for the project being launched at the time even if the investor has already contributed.Each qualified address will only be eligible for ONE transaction. Meaning if an address is qualified for tier 1, they will not be qualified for tier 2.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE 28/05/21Australian social enterprise start-up launches game-changing fundraising tool for charitiesQueensland, AU: Today, social enterprise Little Phil (short for ‘Little Philanthropist’), is launching a strategic partnership with NFT (non-fungible-token) liquidity enabling platform — ProjectX, as it seeks to open up millions of dollars in impact-based funding for not-for-profits.Non-fungible tokens, or NFTs, are a special class of digital assets that cannot be exchanged with one another for equal value, or broken down into smaller bits, that often operate as a type of collectors’ item and cannot be duplicated. These represent the next phase in the application of blockchain technology and ProjectX is recognized at the forefront in this space.The partnership with ProjectX represents a natural alignment and evolution for the business. Little Phil CEO Josh Murchie said ”ProjectX is seen as a leader in the cryptocurrency space. To work with a company of this caliber on such a ground-breaking initiative is incredible. We are excited about how we can use their technology to provide charitable causes access to ongoing and reliable funding streams.”ProjectX is developing NFT valuation algorithms and methodologies to enable accurate verification of Authenticity and Valuation of NFTs (therefore protecting the public).
The PolkaWar team is proud to announce the launch of an airdrop campaign to express our gratitude to our early adopters and community members, who have shown confidence and trust in the project by investing and participating in it. It will run from Aug 02 to Aug 08. We will distribute around $30,000 worth of our native PWAR tokens to randomly selected participants on Aug 15, who will complete the following steps. Kindly note that there are 2000 slots available (75 PWAR each to one participant) so hurry up!
Do you like playing games?In the past, games were just games. But now，GameFi combines games and finance together, users could play games while enjoying financial services. NFT realizes the assetization of game characters and props while enhancing the liquidity.The scarce game characters and props have even more collection value.Isn’t it interesting to combine NFT with GameFi? Emoji Dao is a decentralized autonomous organization with members from all over the world. As early supporters of the crypto world, they all got remarkable performance in their own fields respectively. And as for this moment, they decide to get together because of LoserChick, leveraging their abilities in game design, token economic model,smart contract and marketing operations to create the new GameFi+NFT platform, which is also a completely community-owned platform. LoserChick is designed a playable model with the low-threshold, easy-to-learn just like claw machine. Additionally, it fuses liquidity mining and NFT, which got better liquidity in the game.In LoserChick, although each Chick is unique, they all have tragic experiences,like losing money on shitty coins, watching others making money, working overtime… But they are rebellious and pretentious,staring at the fucked-up world,but always want to save the world.Now, become a Chick and realize your dream in LoserChick! In LoserChick platform, you can enjoy the fun of catching and smashing eggs for NFTs,and LoserChick offers many ways for players to earn, there are two types of tokens in LoserChick, $CHICK and $EGG. And you could also get NFTs by minting, the details of the exchange rules are as follows.1. Stake $BUSD, $EGG, LoserChick NFT and other assets to claim $CHICK;2. Claw $EGG with $CHICK, or mint NFT with $EGG;3. Each process will burn the relevant Token.Just like opening a blind box, you need some luck to claim $EGG and NFTs,of course,skills are also required.LoserChick will be built on Polygon, which provides lower gas fee and higher transaction speed for exchange in high frequency wallet interaction scenarios, improving the game experience. 1. CHICK TokenIf you want to get the max fun of the game, then start with $CHICK!$CHICK is the basic Token in LoserChick platform, which can only be claimed through mining at the beginning. When you get $CHICK, you can exchange it into $cCHICK and put it into the egg catcher to catch $cEGG, which can be used to exchange for $EGG. $CHICK is also used to reward those who participate in mining in Pools, and you can also trade $CHICK in DEX. 2. $EGG TokenOn the LoserChick platform, $EGG can be used directly to mint NFT.There is only one way to get $EGG, that is, through $CHICK according to the probability of clawing, compared to $CHICK, $EGG is a more scarce token, with it, you can mint NFTs, and you will have a chance to mint the most scarce ShriekingChick NFT.3. LoserChick NFTIn the current LoserChick platform, there are a total of 5 levels of Chicks, namely, ShriekingChick, LuckyChick, LaborChick, BossChick and TrumpChick, which have different physical characteristics, such as hair style, clothes, expressions, etc., as well as different miserable encounters, among which the Shrieking Chick is the most miserable, and it is also the most scarce Chick. In LoserChick, the max supply of $CHICK is 13,333,333, the amount of $EGG is 2,000,000 while that of NFT is 321095, which are different from each other. The $CHICK, $EGG, and NFT give players different incentives, and the extremely deflationary token design makes players incentives last to a certain extent. Each step of the player egg clawing and minting operation corresponds to the consumption and burning of $CHICK and $EGG respectively.In the game, clawing eggs is a high frequency operation, i.e. players get $EGG by $CHICK, and every egg clawing operation is accompanied by the consumption and burning of $CHICK. In the case of total amount, high burning means low circulation, staking mining of $EGG will further reduce the circulation of $EGG, making $EGG a scarce and highly circulated asset in LoserChick. The NFT obtained through the burning of $EGG, just got more imagination!
I keep seeing the pro-NFT crowd complain about Bitcoiners “not getting it.” Bitcoiners are to NFTs as nocoiners are to Bitcoin, the saying goes. The argument is an endless circle:“How can you not see the value of digital scarcity? You’re a bitcoiner!” This is invariably met with the retort: “NFTs aren’t scarce, you can copy and paste them!” Ad nauseam.The reason proponents have a hard time explaining NFTs, in my opinion, is because NFTs aren’t a singular concept. They’re a bundle of related concepts. NFTs are a cluster of superficially similar but functionally heterogeneous entities, in much the same way that “cryptoasset” or “blockchain” are too semantically diffuse to be considered a single taxonomic element.In other words — NFT is a process, rather than a product. To NFT something is to assign it a distinct serial number that lives on a public blockchain. That’s it. ‘NFT’ conveys no additional information about the purpose or nature of the content-being-serialized aside from that.The problem is when proponents try to explain NFTs by resorting to a specific teleology (“NFTs are for x” or “NFTs accomplish y”). This confuses the issue, because the NFT landscape is incredibly broad, and encompasses a huge diversity of applications. (Opensea’s NFT Bible is a decent introduction.) So naturally many people won’t understand NFTs when they are explained with reference to a single purpose: their would-be guides to the NFT world don’t understand them either. How can you teach that which you do not truly know?To tease out the different types of ownership offered by NFTs, let’s consider three examples. They are categorically different, and have nothing in common aside from their mechanical nature. To conflate them is a taxonomic misstep. The first is one out of 100 digitally signed pieces of digital art, made by the artist Grimes. When I buy this (I haven’t, but I’ll admit I was tempted) I am buying it for a couple reasons: What I’m buying is effectively a digitized version of a signed setlist after a gig, or a signed, limited edition album cover. As I jokingly put it, the NFT should be understood as the autograph, not the art.That’s not remotely difficult to reason about, because the practice is already familiar to us in the analog world. Crucially, there’s an extremely tight causal link between the generation of the IP and the digital serial code. I know that Grimes has authenticated this specific interface as the designated broker of her digital art sales. I know that additional copies of these autographed pieces of art will not be sold in other digital contexts, because she would be violating an informal social contract with her fans.Importantly, we have strong assurances that Grimes isn’t duplicating these NFTs elsewhere. What use is a limited edition NFT if the artist doesn’t commit to not releasing it on 20 NFT platforms? This is also why the NBA/Top Shots product works: the NBA is not going to sell designated highlights/moments on other platforms. You have assurances of exclusivity. The second case study here is the tokenized tweet. Jack Dorsey infamously put the first ever tweet up for sale, and looks likely to sell it for $2.5m to Justin Sun. In this instance, when you bid for someone’s tweet on Cent (I actually ‘own’ one of Neeraj’s), you are declaring that you are willing to purchase the bragging rights to the tweet on the Cent platform. The creator has to actually accept the offer though — you can’t just buy a tweet without their consent. So you are effectively committing to buy an autographed version of a tweet on a third party platform. That’s what the Cent NFT is. A declaration of financial intent in order to show appreciation (and later, to serve as a bragging right of sorts. See — just five sentences ago, I bragged about owning Neeraj’s tweet!)Of course, many other NFT issuers could emerge and compete, so I can’t claim I own the exclusive rights to the tweet, just the tokenized version on a specific platform. In fact, I don’t own anything about the tweet on twitter itself.The connection between creator and NFT is much looser here. The creator may not be aware that their tweets are up for sale. When the creator accepts the transaction, they give a slight headnod to the buyer. But again, the buyer just owns the exclusive bragging rights to the tweet on the Cent platform, and nowhere else. That’s as much a bet on Cent as it is on the tweet itself. Lastly, we have a category of NFTs you could uncharitably describe as ‘art fraud on the blockchain’. There are numerous reports of individuals, either through malice or unintentionally, listing content on NFT sites which is either directly lifted from another artist or a derivative of some content encumbered by IP. Here’s a report of art fraud on Rarible; here’s Giphy complaining about the practice; and here’s an accusation that the Wu Tang Clan actually NFTed another artist’s art. These cases are relatively cut and dry, and the platforms themselves try to police this.But there’s additional gray areas which call into question the IP linkage of NFTs. These are instances where creators monetize memes or other content that’s effectively in the public domain. Who is the “creator” of Pepe the Frog? In theory, it’s Matt Furie. But what about the endless remixes and derivatives? NFTing memes or other culturally salient content degenerates into a discussion of who owns culture, to which the answer is of course everyone and no one. Who has the right to monetize memes? The originator, or the remixer? The popularizer?The other problem with buying NFTs that aren’t directly linked to a specific creator is that you have no assurances of exclusivity. I saw an NFT image of myself put through a deepdream filter recently. Had I bought it, I wouldn’t have had any exclusive claim to the concept “Nic’s twitter avi put through a generic filter.” The artist also doesn’t matter much here, because the output is content combined with a simple algorithmic process. It’s this category of NFTs that people struggle to reason about, and that makes sense: they raise extremely thorny questions of ownership. NFTs aim to strongly codify who owns what, but if you can’t agree on ownership in the first place, putting that content in a “strong property rights” wrapper doesn’t make sense. The comparison allows us to tease out the key distinction between NFTs. I would contend that distinctions between subclasses of NFT turn on the tightness of IP integration. On the one end of the spectrum, I have strong assurances that I am receiving an autographed piece of original art directly from the creator. I have an extremely tight linkage between the creator, her original IP, and the digital product that I now meaningfully own. In the middle, we have a more diffuse connection: I own unique bragging rights to someone else’s tweet, which they have acknowledged by collecting the reward. But I don’t really own their IP, I certainly don’t own the tweet itself, and all I have from the creator is a cursory headnod — “yes, I accepted a fee in exchange for consigning these bragging rights.”On the most vague side, I have a dubiously scarce claim to a meme or cultural artifact, which may be presented in a unique manner, but is not even owned in a meaningful sense by its creator. The product is mostly derivative — it’s still artistic, in the sense that most art is derivative, but it’s definitely not the original and exclusive work of a single individual. They may actually be violating copyright by monetizing it. I might still get a kick out of owning it, but aside from entertainment value it’s very unclear what I actually own.And lastly, in the really wacky world of procedurally generated NFTs like Cryptopunks, it’s incredibly unclear what I’m buying. I’m not exactly rewarding the artist, because the artist is an algorithm. Most likely, I’m betting that newly-rich Ethereum enthusiasts will see the NFTs as a kind of totem of status, signaling membership in an exclusive club (people that had the foresight to buy the first NFTs on Ethereum, or the financial clout to buy them once they got popular.) My best thesis here is that these are effectively a form of re-sellable social signaling, like a digital Hermes Birkin bag. The actual contents of the NFT is largely irrelevant.So in the debate over NFTs, I would contend that people talk past each other. Skeptics consider the “emptiest” NFTs — the ones with the loosest or nonexistent IP/token linkages — and examine ownership is in that context. Proponents look at the “fullest” NFTs — the ones with tight linkage and assurances of issuer exclusivity — and point out the advantages of such an issuance model. And they’re both right! Because NFTs aren’t a singular class of thing. An NFT is a wrapper.I’m not telling you that the NFT process is God’s gift. Nor am I saying they’re doomed or bound to crash. The notion of a serialized, public-blockchain-residing, innately financialized instrument is clearly a useful wrapper, and it will absolutely persist. What I am saying is that NFTs are a loose cluster of ideas, rather than being one concept. The subclass of NFTs that makes the most sense to me consists of the ones where you have a) a tight linkage between the IP and the digital reference; and b) assurances of exclusivity. The remainder is very hard to reason about.
MaxGoat (MGOAT) is excited to announce giveaways for our special branded Non-Fungible Token (NFT) to commemorate the upcoming of launching MGOAT token.When we are approaching the upcoming MaxGoat Fair Launch, we will arrange a contest to give community a chance to get a reward in the form of NFT’s MaxGoat, which can later be sold and used in the MaxGoat’s Game Ecosystem.We will be selecting 10 lucky winners randomly selected from the over thousands of participants in the Whitelist for NFT’s Giveaways (Airdrops) applicants as a way to show our appreciation for the community’s support throughout our Fair Launch preparation.  winner will be announced on our Telegram Channel. The winner will have 24 hours after the announcement to respond to our team and claim the PrizeWe are preparing the fair launch, once the BSC Smart Chain is not overloaded as it is with current time, we will notify everyone about the schedule, stay tuned and make sure to follow all our official channels and social media.One cannot win multiple times, but you can maximize the chances of winning by completing lots of entries and referencing your friends.Make sure your Twitter account has a profile picture. Otherwise, it will be detected as spam.PLEASE DON’T USE EXCHANGE ADDRESS, MAKE SURE YOU USE COMPATIBLE NON CUSTODIAL WALLET SUCH A TRUSTWALLET, SAFEPALL, IMTOKEN, ETCTo participate in the contest, you only need to follow the conditions above.Twitter:    ANN:  Amidst the ongoing boom, as crypto-based collectibles and artwork trade for thousands of dollars, NFT’s airdrops are garnering immense attention.MaxGoat supports NFT’s with native and continuous utilities. MaxGoat will provide unique access to NFT’s holders on the MaxGoat platform. NFT’s giveaways (airdrops) enhance the token’s visibility and acceptance among the community. Further, the free tokens incentivize NFT’s holders on the platform, which is beneficial in the long run.We have already seen, the NFT’s sector is growing fast. To keep pace, follow our site and stay updated about the latest NFT airdrops. Let the free NFTs keep flowing into your wallet. NFT’s holders will receive priority access for all future tokens airdrops which will be launched on the MaxGoat launchpad.Level Character :🔹 Cryptonites 🔹 Legendary🔹 Rare 🔹 Platinum🔹 Gold🔹 Diamond🔹 Ruby🔹 Silver🔹 BronzeIf you own MaxGoat NFT’s, you will be given an opportunity o enter the priority queue based on the rarity of your asset. The NFT’s holders can gain exclusive access to the video games, an upcoming project which we have been involving in developing NFT’s of Video Games for the past 2 years, and is in the final stages of testing. (will be released soon).This allows NFTs to truly gain value in the digital world of the future, the games that will shape the next generation of social activity.For more information about the protocol for Games and NFT’s, our team will create a special article about the game and the progress in which the team has accomplished.
We have officially launched The Korea Heritage and History NFT (KHHN) project. It was awarded the grand prize in the IPFS field among 758 teams from all over the world in recognition of its technological excellence at the ‘Chainlink Virtual Hackathon Spring 2021’ hosted by UNESCO and Chainlink.The KHHN Project is a project aimed at preserving and preserving heritage that exists around the world. Heritages that exist all over the world already hold important value to mankind, linking the past, present and future. Knowing this, UNESCO (United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization) was established in 1945 and are currently working to protect the precious heritage of mankind. However, it is being gradually destroyed due to man-made tragedies such as war, environmental pollution, and natural disasters. The KHHN project is showing efforts to make the information of various heritages and to convey the values to protect the heritage from being destroyed, and to deliver the information of the heritage to the descendants clearly and accurately by making them into NFTs. A non-fungible token (NFT) is literally a digital asset with an irreplaceable value. By storing the ownership of the digital file on the blockchain, it is impossible to forge and it’s irreversible. These NFTs can preserve heritage from the destruction described previously and ownership disputes. In the past, disputes over the ownership of properties between different countries have undermined the intrinsic value of the property and further cause cultural and physical clashes. In order to prevent such a situation and to clearly give the value of heritage to descendants, the NFT technology, such as impossible to forge or reverse is needed in a decentralized form.
3…2…1… Lift-off! WE-Launch is here! That’s right folks, we are delighted to announce another major milestone in the WEYU journey with the arrival of WE-Launch — a unified, all-in-one NFT launchpad designed to accelerate the WEYU mission of building the most thriving ecosystem for the NFT and Metaverse future. Better yet, the inauguration of WE-Launch is complemented by a $250,000 fund to support the first few NFT projects that surface on the launchpad. It’s time for take-off, are you ready to launch? 🚀🚀 As you probably know by now, WEYU is building a multi-chain platform to support the growth and adoption of the NFT ecosystem and prepare for the Metaverse revolution. The arrival of WE-Launch, our latest innovation, aids the continuation and development of our growing ecosystem, acting as the perfect next step on the WEYU path.As a launchpad, WE-Launch is designed to help accelerate the growth of the WEYU ecosystem and early-stage NFT projects by supporting such initiatives to drop their products on the WEYU platform. Today marks the first opportunity for ambitious project founders to apply to launch with WE-Launch and to join the momentous Multi-Chain NFT movement and future.While WE-Launch offers an exciting prospect for WEYU itself and new NFT projects, the launchpad is incredibly enticing for the general WEYU community. Community members will receive exclusive first access to support and invest in stringently vetted early-stage projects that exist across multiple blockchains, such as Ethereum, Solana, Polygon, BSC, Cardano and Polkadot, on one unified platform. Simple, sophisticated and accessible. For the WEYU community, discovering the “next big thing” is easier than ever thanks to a launchpad that is simple to use and accessible for all. Are you a founder? Do you operate an NFT or Metaverse project? The arrival of WE-Launch offers the opportunity to projects who are building on one of our following blockchain technology partners: If you are a project building on one of these chains, apply to be one of the first projects on WE-Launch today.APPLY NOW! Are you an early stage and pre-launch NFT or Metaverse project? If your answer is yes, then WE-Launch, our new NFT Launchpad could be the perfect place for you to get started. With over 100,000 active community members across the WEYU ecosystem, WE-Launch has the capacity to fuel your fundraising needs and help drive growth and adoption. In addition, and as we mentioned earlier, WEYU has a dedicated and committed community, which alongside an array of incredible partners will help you to grow and scale your project seamlessly. So, if you are still here and have already gotten to this stage then you’re either understandably excited about our new launchpad or you have a project that you would like to integrate? With that said, here is an overview of our project selection criteria for WE-Launch. As we drive forwards towards realizing our mission of establishing a thriving multi-chain ecosystem that charges the future of NFTs and the Metaverse — WE-Launch is WEYU’s next step. High-potential, early-stage projects and startups around the globe that are accepted into the WEYU acceleration program will receive a launchpad platform, training, knowledge support, monetary investment and more — all in one unified place — contributing to the advancement of each project.So Be a pioneer, and become one of the first projects on WEYU’s new launchpad. If you are a project built on the chain of one of our blockchain technology partners, and you fit within our selection criteria, we welcome you to apply to WE-Launch today!APPLY NOW!On a final note — further information on how WEYU community members can leverage launching projects on WE-Launch will arrive soon, so stay tuned! In order to stay up to date, make sure to sign up for our newsletter and receive early access information and more.Hint: November 2021 will offer an opportunity to early adopters to receive first access to WEYU’s first NFT drop, which will guarantee WE-Launch allocations for all WEYU drops. So, keep your eyes and ears peeled as the next few months promise major announcements and exciting milestones for WEYU and NFT community.Join our new Discord server and connect with the WEYU Community
Netvrk is proud to announce our partnership with Bondly Finance, along with our upcoming premiere on their NFT launchpad! Bondly Finance brings innovation into the NFT space, with their own BCCG universe, and innovative NFT platform. In addition to the partnership, Bondly will also be taking an investment position in Netvrk.Bondly is known for their NFT and DeFi hybrid products, along with their line of BCCG (Bondly Collectable Card Game) NFTs. Lately, Bondly has been doing NFT drops for celebrities and musicians, such as Lewis Capaldi, Tekashi 69 6IX 9INE, Torey Lanez, Logan Paul, and others.Bondly will showcase their products, along with their latest drops via their virtual headquarters in Netvrk. The virtual world of Netvrk will be host to Bondly’s NFT universe, bringing a visual and interactive element to the crypto heavyweight. More to be announced. NetVRk’s NFT launchpad event will take place on May 21st, 2021 on Bondly’s Launchpad site, with each NFT being airdropped 6000 $NTVRK tokens over 2 months following the Token Generation Event (TGE).We will airdrop one third of the token amount 15 days after Uniswap listing, one third at 45 days after Uniswap listing and the other one third at 75 days after Uniswap listing. The sale of the NFTs will begin on May 21st, 2021. Here are the NFT cards that will be available for purchase during our sale. Participants must continue to hold the Bondly and BCCG cards in accordance with their snapshot tier level to access the sale. For example, if you were considered a Platinum tier participant at the time of snapshot you must continue to hold the minimum 350k BONDLY and 1 BCCG card to be granted access at the time of sale.Should there be any remaining NFT’s after the 2-hour period, the sale will be opened to all addresses holding a minimum 10k BONDLY on an FCFS basis. A snapshot of all $BONDLY and BCCG holders will be taken at 2 PM EST on 19th May. Ethereum addresses will be assigned their tier for entry to the lottery according to the tier structure outlined above.A lottery will be conducted for the sale and a specific number of winning tickets (whitelisted addresses) will be allocated to each tier. The lottery process will be conducted at least 12 hours before the start of the sale and the results posted on our Bondly Telegram and Discord channels.Winning tickets will be eligible to purchase 1 Kate card and 1 Lomilec card.The number of tickets allocated to each tier will be the following:Platinum — 30 ticketsGold — 40 ticketsSilver — 40 ticketsBronze — 40 ticketsShould there not be enough eligible participants for a certain tier, the remaining tickets will flow down to the next tier. For example, if there are only 20 participants who qualify for the Platinum tier, the remaining 10 tickets will be allocated to Gold tier and so on.The Bondly Launchpad tier structure means holders of $BONDLY can gain lottery-allocated tickets (whitelisting) for early access to the sale for 2 hours. Any remaining cards following the early access sale will be available on a first come, first served basis to $BONDLY holders with 10,000 $BONDLY or more in their wallets. NetVRk’s Chief Marketing Officer, Daniel Kennedy stated: Brandon Smith, CEO of Bondly said:
| Core team Prof. Ramotto Pietro: 「Re-NFT Shards Protocol」artistic consultantNFT Virtual Digital Art investigatorOil Painting Department Professor ( Accademia di belle arti di Urbino )Museology Professor ( Accademia di belle arti di Firenze ) Mr. Eike Schmidt:「Re-NFT Shards Protocol」artistic consultantNFT Virtual Digital Art investigatorDirector of the Uffizi Gallery「Artibune」Chief editor| Re-NFT DAOCore Collaborating Artists List: Title: BoundRe-NFT Artist: Doris Title: Red 02Re-NFT Artist: Mily Title: No Listening , No Seeing, No TalkingRe-NFT Artist: Reggy.Liu Title: MandalaRe-NFT Artist: Dasy Title: 14Re-NFT Artist: Qiaoxia Huang Title: bokchoyRe-NFT Artist: Bokchoy Title: Flowers bloomed one dayRe-NFT Artist:Ruojie Yu Title: PieceRe-NFT Artist: Marco Huang Title: Ines’s WorldRe-NFT Artist: Ines Cui Title: Hair garden 01Re-NFT Artist: Dachun Sun Title: The Unfamiliar Familiar №2Re-NFT Artist: Jinhui Wang Title: GroovinRe-NFT Artist: Mark Ward Title: Money WorldRe-NFT Artist: Hala Title: H&BRe-NFT Artist: 1041uuu Title: So what?Re-NFT Artist: Silvija Title: Color in the darkRe-NFT Artist: Yin Ji Title: Project 04Re-NFT Artist: Yuning P Title: SunRe-NFT Artist: Tao Fan Title: SunRe-NFT Artist: Tao Fan Title: SqureRe-NFT Artist: Xiaobo Li Title: Lake XiRe-NFT Artist: Wen Zhang Title: Find MoonRe-NFT Artist: Yanxi Ao Title: TimeRe-NFT Artist: Qiuqiu Xu Title: My Space OceanRe-NFT Artist: Peihong Zhu Title: BLUERe-NFT Artist: Xin Wen Title: VenusRe-NFT Artist: Xueling Chen Title: PORe-NFT Artist: Angelo Chen Title: Dragon Ball FRZRe-NFT Artist: Oscar Llorens Title: GiftRe-NFT Artist: Man Wang Title: Love StoryRe-NFT Artist: Danshuai Feng Title: JuiceRe-NFT Artist: Yankang Xue Title: OrangeRe-NFT Artist: Qingling Wei Title: New WordsRe-NFT Artist: ET&ET Title: FrankincenseRe-NFT Artist: Nawin Nuthong Title: The Creation of OrbitsRe-NFT Artist: Chema Mendez Title: A Lost TempleRe-NFT Artist: Kristy Glas Title: Blue HourRe-NFT Artist: Tae Parvit Title: Ak-47Re-NFT Artist: Zhang Dali Title: GAN 02Re-NFT Artist: Cai Yi Title: The Wind Blows Easterly LeftRe-NFT Artist: SANMEIXIANREN Title: QUI VIENIRe-NFT Artist: Baotai Li Title: 3–3Re-NFT Artist: Naara Title: SunRe-NFT Artist: ALEX WANG
DAOStarter will add a new avatar element, which will allow different projects to participate depending on the chain NFT avatar.This tutorial guides you through how to set your NFT avatar. Users can set their favorite NFT profile picture according to the tutorial content.Each chain needs to set a different NFT profile. In this installment, we’ll do an avatar setup demo on the BSC. (Other chains can be reset)1. Enter daostarter website: Select “account” in the menu bar above the website 3. Chain selection BSC of wallet 4. Click ”Edit” 5. Select your favorite NFT profile picture, and then click “Approve”and”Confirm”inturn.（Setting NFT avatar and name requires at least 32usdt） 6. Fill in the input box with your favorite name
We are happy to cooperate with Tomket Lovercommunity!🎁Today, we are happy to announce the 50 winners!!!⚠️ For all the winners, please use the same BSC wallet address you submitted in the google form to sign up in app.starrynift.art .The NFT you got can join the mining game! Please check the <Mining Guide>. Please use your wallet address to sign up in app.starrynift.artPlease remember switch to the BSC network.After signing up, please click the upper right corner avatar to enter the user center. Then you can find the NFT in your user center wallet.
The first WEYU NFT drop designed for social impact in collaboration with the UN Refugee Agency has arrived We are delighted to present WEYU Pieces, the first ever WEYU NFT collection, and the world’s first crowdsourced art project on the blockchain. We can’t wait to show you what we have built.WEYU Pieces is a multi-layered collection of NFTs that transcends the digital space, helping to drive positive social change in support of UNHCR, the UN Refugee Agency, while inviting all to not just own, but to contribute to real-world social initiatives. “WEYU Pieces reflects my passion to make sure that the most powerful and liberating tech of our time gets into the hands of people who need it most. It will be those people who will take the opportunity that this unique tech provides, and advance it the most,” said Chris Dawe, Lead Advisor of WEYU.Now, more than ever, we sit at a moment of history where technology has the potential to bring about a better world. A world that drives positive change for humanity and our planet. WEYU Pieces is designed to create an impact. The question is, are you prepared to do the same?JOIN DISCORDCREATING SOCIAL CHANGE THROUGH THE POWER OF NFTSIn the past decade, the number of people who’ve been forced to flee from home has more than doubled, with 82.4 million now displaced worldwide. That’s one percent of humanity. But together, and through harnessing the power of blockchain technology, we hold the key to make a real difference to the lives of many — by giving a place and space to create something meaningful, and the opportunity to earn a living, with skills they have learned, to support themselves and their families. And so, with UNHCR, and built on the tech-for-good movement, a collection of extraordinary NFTs was created. A collection that celebrates the intersection of technology and social good — this is WEYU PIECES.100% of funds raised will go to support the UNHCR.SPARKING CHANGE IN COLLABORATION WITH NFT ARTISTS The first ‘Pieces’ drop is a collection of highly unique NFTs. To kickstart the project, we collaborated with artist NFN Kalyan, who donated 3 beautiful pieces of original artwork to WEYU. These three pieces are part of a collection titled ‘Our Hands Are Open But Not Empty’. Kalyan’s works are captivating, centered around what he describes as the “destructive nature of the human condition”. Speaking about the collection, Kalyan said: “The body of paintings I have created over the years is largely about juxtaposing different images together. The three paintings contain a very specific juxtaposition of African refugees put into traditional European settings. For that reason, these paintings seemed the ideal series to use for this project.”Kalyan’s original paintings were broken up into 6075 individual pieces. Using an online paint platform, each part was re-created alongside refugees from around the world, who digitally hand-drew each piece and were paid on the blockchain for their work. 6075 Pieces to make up a new and inspirational rendition of the original masterpiece. When discussing the process of co-creating each NFT, Chris said: “To have the opportunity to work alongside people from such challenging and unique backgrounds was quite humbling, but the most inspiring part of working so closely with people forced to flee was their eagerness to learn and take the opportunity at hand like I have never seen before. Their dedication to the process and quality of work was incredible.”THE MOST UNIQUE NFT DROP OF THE YEARTransformational, relevant and special, each WEYU ‘Piece’ contains its own exclusively rare attributes that are also full of utility to be used within the WEYU multi-blockchain NFT ecosystem.Rarity, utility, access and social impact, WEYU Pieces is much more than a piece of content on the blockchain: All of these unique attributes are complemented by each NFT’s intrinsic social impact value, which will support UNHCR’s work around shelter, education, health, livelihoods and protection initiatives for refugees, in line with the Sustainable Development Goals of the United Nations.YOU’RE INVITED TO THE FIRST WEYU NFT DROPThanks to a community of incredibly brave and talented individuals, WEYU Pieces pushes the boundaries of blockchain technology, showcasing yet another influential use case for NFTs through social impact initiatives. Now is your chance to own your very own piece of revolutionary art, while helping out communities that have faced violence, war or persecution. The WEYU Pieces drop begins on the 8th November 2021 7 PM CET. The lottery will be open for the the duration of Solana Breakpoint and will close on Thursday November 11th at 6pm UTC. Lottery winners and distribution will happen within 60 minutes of closing.
Welcome to the world of TopGoal! Here, we will provide a brand-new digital experience with the latest NFT technology, just for you. TopGoal, as an officially licensed digital collectibles with NFT empowered game, allows you to join and play the game with legendary football player cards only owned by you, build your fantasy squad and collect the greatest moments of the players you support. As TopGoal will launch its DeFi in December 2021 and GameFi will launch after DeFi, we prepare a new airdrop campaign exclusively for CMC users. The winners will be selected by random. The rewards are 5000 common level Mystery boxes from TopGoal — Return of Legends S2 & S1, which will be distributed to the winners’ TopGoal accounts. A part of participants will receive lottery codes that give them a chance to win TopGoal common mystery boxes.How to Participate?Precondition: Only for CMC users and need using same email when you register CMC account and TopGoal account.Steps:
Vera, a non-fungible token (NFT) decentralized finance (DeFi) blockchain platform, recently completed its seed round of funding for a total of $3 million. The round was led by Animoca Brands, the investment arm of the world’s largest NFT gaming company, with participation from other venture capital and private equity investors such as Krypital Group, Shima Capital, SL2 Capital, Mozaik Capital, Sentor Investments, and Sandbar Investments.With early grant backing from Web3 Foundation — founded by Dr. Gavin Wood, the founder of Polkadot blockchain — Vera developed its initial technologies on Substrate and supports NFT applications and games built on any blockchain such as Ethereum, Solana, Polygon, and Binance Smart Chain. Yat Siu, co-founder and chairman of Animoca Brands, said, “Just like how a traditional mobile game should not have to build a bank to allow players to use in-app financial services, a blockchain NFT game or marketplace should not have to build and maintain a decentralized financial platform for its users. Vera is building a secure decentralized financial platform that is urgently needed in the NFT space to enable several essential financial services which many of us take for granted in the real world. We look forward to being a catalyst to help Vera become a leading open financial platform for all NFT assets.”For the broader digital assets ecosystem, 2021 has been a revelation in market transaction volume and user growth, supported by the historic $69 million auction of a digital artwork NFT in March authored by the American artist Beeple.Recently, NFT transactions continue to remain in hypergrowth fueled by crypto games such as digital pet game Axie Infinity, also invested by Animoca and billionaire Mark Cuban earlier this year. Last month, Axie Infinity hosted over $170 million in trading volume, which generated $11 million in net income for the game’s treasury, validating product demand and a profitable future for NFT gaming companies.Despite recent successes, NFT technology is still in the nascent stages, and buy/sell marketplaces for digital art and in-game assets are early use cases. Technologists predict that several other sectors such as music, entertainment, consumer goods, and real estate will adopt NFTs in the near future, expanding the potential NFT market size to be in the trillions of dollars.This is the vision that Denis Lam, Founder of Vera Labs, sees as well. “Vera is excited to have such a diverse group of investors join us on our journey to build the most powerful open financial platform for NFT assets. After building several blockchain projects that resulted in hundreds of millions of dollars of trading volume and revenue for enterprise clients such as Dapper Labs and Northern Trust, the 4th largest bank in the world, our team noticed a lack of secure and simple-to-integrate financial services for this new NFT asset class,” said Denis Lam, Founder and CEO of Vera. “To enable mainstream adoption of NFTs, we’ve decided to build an open financial platform for any NFT asset with advanced seller and custodian-protection features so that everyone, everywhere, can have equal access to robust and trustworthy NFT financial products.”The Silicon Valley-based startup plans to use the funds for product development, secure and audit its smart contracts, and expand its ecosystem into several upcoming major NFT games and metaverse ecosystems.“Our goal is to be the largest DeFi network for NFT assets so anyone connected to it can contribute to and share the rewards of a growing economy,” explains Lam. “To accomplish this, Vera is actively growing its ecosystem and integrating our technology with our partners’ NFT applications so their millions of users and NFT collectors will finally have access to reliable, trustworthy, and rewarding financial services.”
Dear Poco community,We are extremely excited to announce our new partnership with three popular exchanges are Seedify-fund and Oxbul. We are proud of being listed on these three platforms and expect to bring out more benefits to our community as well as expand the influence of Poco in the NFTs gaming industry.With this collaboration and according to the available features also the community from Seedify-fund and Oxbul,, Poco believe that it will help to utilize the experiences of our users through playing time with us and be convenient in exchange, deposit and withdraw the transaction.Furthermore, due to various requests and inquiries sent to us in the recent time regarding our IDO time, Poco now would like to inform our community regarding our new IDO campaign on Seedify0fund and Oxbul which will be starting from September 9th, 2021. The following information will be detailed as follows:
What is an NFT?Decentralized Finance (DeFi) pushed yield farming to the forefront of crypto-based passive income strategies. However, there is one more rising star in this ecosystem that is about to explode in both value and popularity: NFTs.If anyone ever tells you that NFTs do not have a future, remind them of how kids from the 90s used to collect Pokemon cards, Yugioh cards, football stickers, and all sorts of other collectibles.People love owning items that depict the symbol of their favorite team, platform, or in this case, crypto project. As a matter of fact, the same kids that used to own these cartoon collectibles are now all grown up and actively participate in DeFi,Obviously enough, there is an interest in not only owning NFTs but investing in them as well. The rise of NFT marketplaces in recent months has shown that there is a financial incentive to participate in this segment and that the community is drawn to it.But what is an NFT exactly, and what is it used for? It may sound complicated at first; however, rest assured knowing that the technology behind them is extremely simple. Let’s take a deep-dive and find out what NFTs are, shall we?NFTs explained Non-fungible tokens (NFTs) represent a type of cryptocurrency that is unique and indivisible. Each NFT has different characteristics and values compared to another NFT, and they often come in limited quantities.The best way to explain it is by taking a look at standard cryptocurrencies. Let’s say that you and another investor meet up. You both own exactly one Bitcoin. The coin that you hold has the same value and format as the other investor’s coin. If a potential buyer showed up and he wanted to buy some BTC, he could freely choose either person’s coins.The apparent basis is that cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin are fungible. Their individual units (in this case coins) are entirely interchangeable. With NFTs, we have the opposite casesEach NFT has a digital hash imprinted into its being that makes it different from another NFT. This is perfect for tracking Proof of Provenance (PoP), a type of documented evidence that establishes the real owner of a token and its entire transaction history. PoP helps with documenting ownership and protecting assets against alterations, forgery, and reproductions.In 2021, developers still build NFT tokens using the Ethereum network’s ERC-721 token standard. The protocol’s smart contracts enable these tokens to be indistinguishable, used for payments, and overall create traits that support non-fungibility.The use of memes, fan art, and artwork in the crypto space has led to the rise in the popularity of NFTs. Users would tokenize their artistic renditions and sell them on an NFT marketplace. Others would then buy NFTs to create collections or for the purpose of investment speculation.Use cases of NFTsAlthough NFTs fill many niches and gaps in the blockchain industry, their dominant use case lies in tokenization. Simply put, tokenization is the process of converting a material or abstract object into a digitally tradeable asset on a blockchain network. An NFT can therefore represent anything: a house, a car, a piece of work equipment, or even your smartphone. As long as you can relay ownership of something and verify it on a blockchain, the object can become an NFT.Nowadays, NFTs are mostly used by artists who wish to tokenize their artwork and sell it on an online market. By doing so, creative souls can manage the ownership of their digital items, prove their copyright or IP, and fractionalize ownership of certain assets.Let’s say that someone on Crypto Twitter creates a meme depicting Yearn Finance. If it gains enough momentum and engagement, the artist will naturally want to monetize his newly gained popularity and tokenize the meme. He creates an account on an NFT marketplace, verifies the ownership of his artwork, and sells it to other people for a certain price.If someone attempts to steal the meme and sell it under his own name, the act of PoP will prevent him from doing so. Potential buyers will be able to verify the real owner of the artwork and discover that the thief’s token is a forgery. He can then be reported on the platform and, through a governance proposal (or another mechanism), have his account banned.Most popular NFTsAs previously mentioned, the number of NFT platforms grows by each day. Rarible used to dominate the market, but things have changed with the arrival of new developers who sought to cash in on the innovative niche. Mere competition did a lot for the DeFi market, and non-fungible tokens went from being a tokenized meme jpeg to a real work of art.Based on data from OpenSea, the top 5 NFT marketplaces processed a total of $25 million in ETH in the past seven days. CryptoPunks, an algorithmically generated pixel art NFT platform, is currently ranked as the number one project based on trading volume. The project reached massive popularity as early as 2019, and with the rise of DeFi the next year, CryptoPunks only became bigger. Inspired by the ERC-721 token standard and the crypto universe, the project reached fame after being featured on The PBS NewsHour and the New York Times.Hashmasks is an even newer NFT platform that is supported by only 70 artists from all around the world. The platform features a collection of more than 16,384 digital portraits created by Suum Cuique Labs, a company based in Switzerland. To make their NFTs scarcer, Hashmasks utilizes the Name Changing Token (NCT) feature that distributes unique names to each token.Last but not least, we have the world-famous Rarible. Operated by a group of smart contract developers based in the U.S., Rarible is a community-owned NFT marketplace where artists can create, sell, and collect digital collectibles. The project gained hype on Crypto Twitter around September 2020 when developers and users alike began to invest in NFTs as an alternative to earning income from yield farming.
During 6 months of existence, Rarible is proud to have built a strong community of creators, art lovers, and NFT believers. Rarible is the premiere NFT marketplace where you can mint, buy and sell digital collectibles without any coding skills. As we are growing in numbers and expanding our presence on the market, Rarible is taking a shift towards a becoming a fully Decentralized Autonomous Organization.Driven by the will to give our community the power to influence decisions and incentivize active participation, we are launching our own governance token. This new project-management model has proven to be efficient within DeFi industry, and we’re excited to launch the first governance token in the NFT space.Welcome RARI: the governance token of Rarible. RARI enables the most active creators and collectors on Rarible to vote for any platform upgrades and participate in curation and moderation. You can’t purchase RARI on our platform — it can only be earned by actively participating on the platform. We call this Marketplace Liquidity Mining.Over half of RARI’s total supply is reserved for sellers and buyers on Rarible marketplace, who will receive RARI through weekly distribution according to weekly purchases and sales volumes. We reserve a right to alter Marketplace liquidity mining process to insure that any potential attempts to fool the system and disrupt the fairness of the process can be eliminated.Learn more & start earning with RARI To kick-start the token launch, we are conducting a RARI airdrop to all NFT holders. 10% of the total RARI supply is reserved for everyone who has purchased NFTs, regardless of the platform they used.Who is eligible to participate in the airdrop? Our ultimate goal is to evolve towards a Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO), where all decision rights will belong to the platform users.RARI token, awarded to the active users of the platform, will act as the governance instrument: it will enable collectors and creators to vote on multiple upgrades and decide how the platform should develop further. This makes the governance of the platform directly responsive to our most active users and brings Rarible closer to being a public good operated by the community members who value it most. The key part of token holder rights is to have influence over the platform development. If community wants it — everything is possible. Establishing community-based moderation is a challenging task. We are considering implementing a system analogous to Aragon Court or entering a partnership to solve it. Hot or not? Community decides who deserves an extra boost. Rarible team is working on a set of exciting new features, and we want our community to participate in prioritizing their roll-out. For the collectors who would like to invest in NFT market, but are unsure what artwork to choose, Rarible will provide the opportunity to invest in NFT index — a portfolio of the most promising NFTs.
Do you have a penchant for art? Do you fancy yourself a budding Rembrandt? Do you want to immortalize your work with Seascape Network and Legends of Crypto? Then we’ve got some great news for you!Fans of Seascape Network may be aware of the recent NFT event we held with ApeSwap, in which users from across the globe gave us their amazing art in an NFT design contest. Now we are offering yet another opportunity for artists to showcase their talent in our latest collaboration with our friends at LOCG!We want YOU to create the next lineup for an original Seascape x LOCG NFT minideck! Show us your best work with your own design for an original NFT! LOCG and Seascape will be selecting 5 reskin designs of existing LOCG NFT designs to create a new mini deck. Users will need to take existing LOCG elements and combine them with Seascape to get a new fusion of excellence! Here’s how you can get in on the action!How to Participate:
You’ve come to the right place, my friends!Hydraverse is a mystical land of legendary dragons where your dragon fantasies can come true. Even better, you can satisfy your passion while also earning money from the game’s interesting activities. Don’t be fooled by the NFT Dragons’ adorable appearance, deep within them is a great power that brings players enormous economic opportunities. This article will provide useful details about the game’s main characters. As Dragon Trainers, you can seize many opportunities to earn by leveling up your dragons. Here are several ways to make your dragons perform at their best:
In this article we will give an overview of three things: We will be running an airdrop event and winners will receive a Character Class NFTs. 5 lucky winners will receive these character class NFTs and will be able to use them to play various classes in-game.The Character Class NFT Airdrop event is now LIVE below: classes in Mist will allow you to experience different gameplay, different spells and abilities, and different roles in-game. You could play as the default adventurer and focus on certain attacks and abilities (which will be strong), or you can use the Character Class NFT items to create characters of different classes.Some classes will be strong melee fighters. Others may be strong spellcasters. Others may be ranged fighters, and so on. Each class will have a different feel, gameplay, and immersion experience. Each Mist player can play the default “Adventurer” class, and can grow to be strong and powerful. However if they would like to take on more specific roles they will need the NFT Class token.For example, if you will want to play the Shapeshifter class, you will need to use a Shapeshifter NFT to unlock that class. Note that character class NFTs can be obtained in-game via ultra-rare drops (with ultra low drop rates to make obtaining them a true rarity) and will be burned every time they are upgraded to higher Tiers. Today we also announce a new playable character class, which will require no NFTs to play (but can use NFTs to upgrade spells and abilities).The Adventurer. A jack of all trades with access to spells from each class. Self sustaining, diverse, and unpredictable. They can use a variety of abilities in different situations making them elusive opportunists.While other classes will only have spells specific to their class, the Adventurer will have access to a few spells from everyone.The adventurer class will require no NFTs to begin playing. The adventurer class will have access to a few spells and abilities from every other class. For example they will have a few Crusader spells, a few Witch Hunter spells, a few Shapeshifter spells, and so on.They will be able to improve the power of all of their spells with class-specific NFTs. So they can have Legendary Tier abilities from each other class.For example: The adventurer has 2 spells from Crusader and 2 spells from Enchanter. If the adventurer has a tier 2 Crusader NFT and a tier 3 Enchanter NFT in his wallet, his Crusader and Enchanter spells will be 3% and 6% stronger. This is the beauty of the Adventurer.Every player will be able to play as an Adventurer, regardless of whether they have NFTs or not. Firstly, the Character Class NFTs will now be sold for $MIST and only $MIST.The Character Class NFTs will be available on the marketplace later this week (we will announce a hard date shortly). The price for each Tier 1 Character NFT will be 3,000 Mist. This price may change depending on Mist token price. Upgrading to Legendary-Tier will require 16 of the Tier 1 Class NFTs, based on the upgrade numbers below.There will be a limited amount of each Character Class sold.Each upgrade of your character class NFT will increase the damage and effects of your abilities by 3%. Character class NFTs can be upgraded in the same way that all other NFT items can be upgraded, and with the same costs. If you want the strongest “Crusader” in-game, it will need to be Legendary Tier.This means that a Tier 2 Crusader will have 3% stronger attacks than the Tier 1 Crusader. And the Tier 3 Crusader will have 6% stronger attacks than the Tier 1 Crusader, and so on. A tier 5 Legendary Crusader will have 12% stronger abilities than Tier 1.1st upgrade: From Tier 1 to Tier 2-2 of the Tier 1 NFTs-2,000 MIST tokens2nd upgrade: From Tier 2 to Tier 3-2 of the Tier 2 NFTs (equivalent to 4 Tier 1 NFTs)-4,000 MIST tokens3rd upgrade: From Tier 3 to Tier 4-2 of the Tier 3 NFTs (equivalent to 8 Tier 1 NFTs)-8,000 MIST tokens4th upgrade: From Tier 4 to Legendary Tier-2 of the Tier 4 NFTs (equivalent to 16 Tier 1 NFTs)-16,000 MIST tokens We were humbled by the support and participation from our community during last Friday’s NFT Marketplace go-live. For the first time the community was able to experience the Mist gameplay and universe.Running, rolling, and exploring around NFT Island was a first taste of Mist for most players, and the interactive NPCs and NFT sales system was tested and used for the first time. The NFTs sold out in mere minutes as players rushed to the NPCs to interact with them.The NFT upgrade system was also implemented and players were able to upgrade the NFT tiers of their items. This system is being updated now and will be live again soon. Airdrop for 1st Edition NFT items: the airdrop winners for the NFT items will be released tomorrow at 2pm UTC on our Telegram channel.
In this brief article we will review some quick tips about the NFT marketplace Since many months, the NFT market knows a significant increase, if not a massive boom. Yet many NFT collections are as of yet just a cash grab. Except for few projects and collectors who are lucky enough to receive amongst the rarest pieces of the collections, other collectors will quickly see their investment lose in value.Taking for example, the Moon Boyz collection, which displayed some of the most insane hype ever seen at an NFT collection launch, it can now be observed, after a few months, that most minters have seen their investment divided in more than half, in fact from 0.2 ETH to 0.07 ETH on average.As such, as an investor it is preferable to invest in NFT collections which offers utility on top of good design. Typically, in the form of private access to an investors group, a token presale or a DAO.Looking at another project like the Rebellion Protocol NFT collection. these NFTs are not only awesome looking, but most importantly they allow its holders to participate in the governance decision making of the project, through the voting rights granted by their NFTs, they are so called DAO NFTs. On top of that, these DAO NFTs cannot be bought, they must be earned. Basically, as an owner of REBL (native token of the Rebellion Protocol project), you are able to stake these tokens and receive NFTs as a reward “for free”. Now since these NFTs hold governance voting power, they have intrinsic value on top of its good-looking design.The different tiers of NFTs, and therefore rarity, will grant different voting power rights. This in turn, makes it valuable for different types of investors and accommodates the entire community of the project. Now some projects have DAOs that are quite limited in possibilities of decision making and therefore being granted voting rights only holds little value.Well, to take again the example of the Rebellion Protocol governance, DAO NFT holders are able to decide on where to invest the funds held by the project (the project itself is a community driven investment fund), so it only makes sense that the community can influence these decisions, and therefore gives quite some value to DAO NFT holders. Yet with great power comes great responsibilities😉 But if for example DOA NFT holders decides to build an HQ reserved for members only, support any other crypto project, of buy an island, they could decide so.Decision-making and investment power is no longer just the business of the founders but of the community as a whole. This is a tip for the fastest among you reading this.During the revelation of an NFT collection, that’s mean the moment when the rarity and therefore value of your NFT piece is revealed. If you are fast enough, you could make a lot of money by buying the rare NFT listed at the floor price.In order to do so you need the following:
We have some amazing news to share with you on this fine day!As discussed earlier on the stream we will be releasing a new set of items that can be widely used on our up and coming Player Vs. Player feature.These will be in the form of SHIELDS! The stats available on the shields are as following:
It’s time for another giveaway competition. All you have to do is do what you do best! Every buy counts, but in this competition, size does matter. The bigger the buy, the bigger your chances of winning. The top 10 buys entered into the form between the 25th of October and the 4th of November will win! Our last Ultra-Rare to auction sold for 3.38ETH on OpenSea! ** 1st prize = 1 x Holo Ultra-Rare NFT **2nd and 3rd Prize = 1 x Rare NFT4th to 10th Prize = 1 x Standard NFT We promised we would update the prizes before the competition — and we always deliver on our promises!We will use our patent-pending TRNG technology to randomly choose 5 entries — no matter how small or big the buy.3 will receive a Standard NFT & 2 will receive a Rare NFTAND……Celebrating over 10,000 holders on Binance Smart Chain! The bigger the buy, the bigger your chances! The rules are quite simple, all you have to do is make a buy of PKR from either UniSwap or PancakeSwap and then fill in the form HERE.The competition will run from the 25th of October to the 4th of November — it will end exactly 1 week before the beta game launch!
WEYU Pieces is a set of 6075 groundbreaking NFTs that fuel the WEYU Ecosystem. With each of these remarkable NFTs comes utility and rarity never-before-seen. In Chapter 1 we are going to be taking a closer look at arguably the most popular and exciting utility attributes of these NFTs — WE_Launch. WE_Launch is a first-of-a-kind NFT launchpad that is designed to help NFT projects engage, grow and launch. Projects that are selected to join WE_Launch receive a wide range of support and services to ensure an exciting, secure and successful launch. After a project is selected, we help polish and curate their story and offering. Depending on how far along the project is in their process of launching, WE_Launch can help across a range of divisions including; tech development, marketing, networking, financial funding and ancillary resources — to prepare each project for a tailored lift-off. The WE_Launch program consists of three core pillars: Once a project is ready to launch, the WE_Launch team prepares the systems and begins the countdown. The WEYU ecosystem and community then gets the opportunity to participate in the NFT launch. But it’s not a first-come-first-serve model, but rather, a sophisticated lottery system to ensure the fairest possible launch for the project and the WEYU community.A Standard model has multiple issues as it is based on a “who will be the first one to click the mint button” approach. This opens up space for scammers to take advantage of NFT enthusiasts by spamming fake links to sites that look similar to the project’s “open” launch page. Together with the effects of FOMO, many have, and will click without double checking with the fear of missing the mint.The second most common issue is a project’s website crashing due to high traffic generated from the mint process. This often ends up with delays, and sometimes even having to restart the launch all together, leaving people frustrated and with a risk of losing funds. There are several additional issues like “GAS Wars”, FCFS teams and bots. However, WE_Launch solves all of these, changing the game for the industry. The WE_Launch lottery system solves the current problems listed above by allowing people to subscribe to a project’s launch for a chance to buy-in. As we mentioned, this is not a first-come-first-serve model. Therefore, everyone is given a fair and equal opportunity to buy in. WE_Launch enables its members with a 2 day window to login, lock-in the amount of NFTs they would like to purchase and receive lottery tickets for the draw. This offers each member enough time to slowly think things through without the pressure of time. When the lottery starts, no further actions are required, as the rest is handled by the WE_Lauch system. No more issues with crashing mint pages, bots, and GAS wars. Say goodbye to your usual headaches. WE_Launch creates a safe and stable environment for a clean and enjoyable release of new NFT collections.Once the WE_Launch lottery system is open, people can get lottery tickets by locking up the listed price of the NFT. For example, if an NFT drop is priced at 1 Solana then you will have to lock up 1 Solana in order to claim your lottery ticket. But there is always a limit to how many NFTs one wallet can get. Most commonly, people can reserve up to three NFTs, which results in receiving three lottery tickets. Winning tickets are randomly selected once the lottery system shuts, and if you have a winning ticket you get an NFT in the drop. Everyone who does not obtain a winning lottery ticket is then refunded for their locked up collateral. A true win-win for the industry.But perhaps you want to up your chances of getting your hands on some of the most popular launching NFT collections? That’s why we are here to talk about WEYU Pieces and specifically the WE_Launch attributes. If you own a WEYU Pieces NFT then you automatically have extra lottery tickets for any WE_Launch project. All you need to do is stake your WEYU Pieces NFT when the lottery system opens and you will receive your extra tickets. Each WEYU Pieces NFT lists how many extra tickets you will get within the Metadata. The WE_launch attribute in your NFT can have: 10x, 25x, 50x or even 100x extra tickets. You can combine and stake multiple WEYU NFTs to add hundreds or even thousands of extra tickets to significantly increase your chances. They do not get burned, they do not expire, and you get them back within a few days of the launch. This grants you the possibility to reuse your WEYU Pieces NFTs over and over again, making them an irreplaceable tool for any NFT Enthusiast out there.But what if you are here just to buy this one NFT you were dreaming about?We got you covered. If you are looking to increase your chances for a single drop you can acquire more tickets with the ecosystem native token — $WEYU. The price of one ticket will always be adjusted to $1 worth of $WEYU and announced prior to the drop. There is no limit to how many you can buy, but they are not refundable.With the exception of extra tickets, WE_Launch attributes can bring even more exciting options that will give you no need of having the tickets at all: With this attribute, if you only want 1 NFT then you do not need to take part in the lottery. Automatically you will receive 1 winning ticket for every collection on WE_Launch. You are still required to stake WEYU Pieces to purchase the NFT, but all other steps can be avoided. If you want more than 1 NFT, follow the standard rules of the lottery for a chance to win more. If the project includes a pre-sale/whitelist step, holders of this attribute will be eligible to take advantage of it. Early purchase, possibilities to choose, and discounted prices are all available options, but every project will have to state their own rules of their presale. These will be communicated in advance so that everyone can adjust who owns the presale Entry Pieces. As the name suggests, this is EPIC! From every collection launched on WE_launch you get 1 NFT for free, which is directly sent to your wallet. Lock your EPIC Piece and wait for the NFT to appear in your wallet, it’s as simple as that. There are only 12 of them out there so if you are holding one, consider yourself as one the luckiest people in the entire NFT ecosystem.The WE_Launch attributes offer an amazing boost for their holders within the WEYU ecosystem, facilitating the way NFTs are received through the WE_Launch, making WEYU Pieces one of the most utility-rich NFTs out there. If you have missed out on the Solana drop of WEYU pieces, don’t worry, as every blockchain will host their own WEYU pieces. Next up, a big one. The father of NFTs — ETHEREUMPurchase WEYU Pieces NFTs on the aftermarket at 
Hello beamers!Hope you had a great weekend and took your mind and soul away from the craziness of this world. But today is Monday, and that means the wheel shall spin again. It’s high time that we discuss my upcoming NFT collection in all the juicy details.My primary collection will have ~5000 unique NFTs providing one of these utilities to its holders: Nobody likes to overpay for transaction fees, and while my Teleport is more budget-friendly than default bridge options, I think it would be grand to give loyal supporters a discount for my primary service.2. Discount for cross-chain P2P exchangesSame logic applied here, basically. I believe the P2P NFT exchange will be used more in the future and cryptonians all around the globe could use some sweet discounts for it.3. Discount for NFT ValidatorAnother little tool of mine, The Validator, verifies all information about NFT, confirms its origin and value. A useful tool should be used more often to prove the authenticity of the NFT, and discounts make it more favorable.4. Up to 50% more staking APR and chances to mine NFT from the VaultAs good as staking works at the moment, it could be improved. I think adding more bonuses and additional NFTs for staking efforts will go a long way.5. Guaranteed allocations in cross-chain NFT salesLast, but not least, Scotty Beam NFT owners should have first-choice preference and access to the newest drops on my platform. And of course NFTs will be separated into four rarity levels, with the most rare NFTs being more valuable:
Venus token holders, including vXVS, will receive an airdrop exclusively on Binance Smart Chain on May 15th at block number 7479562. This airdrop will also be sent to exchange addresses, and they will announce their support plans, if any, directly. We are already coordinating with Binance.com to handle this distribution.The ratio of the airdrop will be 1,000 VRT to 1 XVS. This will also apply to the net amount of XVS you have supplied to the Venus Protocol and hold vXVS. Venus Reward Token is a mechanism created to become an additional mining distribution to suppliers and borrowers of Venus Protocol. The goal is to gradually lower XVS inflation rate and also include burning XVS throughout this process. Since XVS is the Governance token that controls the entire protocol, our goal is to make the total supply lower over time to make Governance more secure. In substitution to this, we realize that a lucrative APY yield created by the protocol is important. VRT will have a total supply of 30 billion and be distributed to users over the course of 4 years while we plan to have the XVS distribution double to around 8 years to compliment the reductions. All of this is subject to Governance changes and on-chain proposals. VRT core value is that is the reward point for using the protocol. There will be a vVRT market on Venus so users can re-compound their VRT and earn/borrow against it. VRT distribution rates will be controlled by the Venus Governance modules. We will be airdropping 1 VENUS NFT per 10 XVS owned (includes net XVS held as vXVS). This will not be sent to exchanges, but rather all non-exchange wallets. This limited edition NFT is a commemoration of the Venus Protocol for all circulating supply XVS holders and will never be re-minted again. This will have the same snapshot block number as the VRT.
Ladies and gentlemen, set your clocks and prepare your wallets, for soon the dead will rise on Binance NFT! Seascape is bringing mystery boxes with hyper exclusive NFTs of the Zombie Crusher, Wichita for a limited time only! Long time fans of Seascape are well aware of how our NFTs perform for their owners. When used in Seascape’s future fifth game, Zombie Farm, these extremely rare NFTs bring players BIG payouts, with higher quality NFTs performing even better for their possessors. Because there are only a limited quantity of the NFTs minted, serious players should strive to obtain them through Binance’s patented mystery boxes to begin staking them for competitive rewards.At 11:00 UTC these highly sought after Mystery Boxes go on sale. A total of 20k boxes are going on sale, with a max of 50 boxes per wallet. Expect them to fly off shelves quickly, so get your fingers on the button lightening quick! Once supplies are gone, they’re done for good! Don’t miss your chance to battle zombies and get rewards! At only $20 BUSD you can’t afford to miss out! Wichita NFTs come in four qualities, with special (N) numbering 10k, rare (R) 7k, epic (SR) 2.5k and legendary (SSR) 500. Players will have the opportunity to stake their Scapes NFTs in Seascape’s zombie-themed DeFi game in exchange for in-game rewards. Joining the Binance NFT Marketplace is a great leap forward for Seascape, and NFT gaming in general. Will you be a part of history? Get ready today!
